exercises/bank-account/README.md, before:

# Bank Account

Simulate a bank account supporting opening/closing, withdrawals, and deposits
of money. Watch out for concurrent transactions!

A bank account can be accessed in multiple ways. Clients can make
deposits and withdrawals using the internet, mobile phones, etc. Shops
can charge against the account.

Create an account that can be accessed from multiple threads/processes
(terminology depends on your programming language).

It should be possible to close an account; operations against a closed
account must fail.

## Instructions

Run the test file, and fix each of the errors in turn. When you get the
first test to pass, go to the first pending or skipped test, and make
that pass as well. When all of the tests are passing, feel free to
submit.

Remember that passing code is just the first step. The goal is to work
towards a solution that is as readable and expressive as you can make
it.

Have fun!

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/bank-account/README.md, after:

# Bank Account

Simulate a bank account supporting opening/closing, withdrawals, and deposits
of money. Watch out for concurrent transactions!

A bank account can be accessed in multiple ways. Clients can make
deposits and withdrawals using the internet, mobile phones, etc. Shops
can charge against the account.

Create an account that can be accessed from multiple threads/processes
(terminology depends on your programming language).

It should be possible to close an account; operations against a closed
account must fail.

## Instructions

Run the test file, and fix each of the errors in turn. When you get the
first test to pass, go to the first pending or skipped test, and make
that pass as well. When all of the tests are passing, feel free to
submit.

Remember that passing code is just the first step. The goal is to work
towards a solution that is as readable and expressive as you can make
it.

Have fun!

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name bank_account.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
