concepts/runes/about.md, before:

# About

The `rune` type in Go is an alias for `int32`. Given this underlying `int32` type, the `rune` type holds a signed 32-bit integer value. However, unlike an `int32` type, the integer value stored in a `rune` type represents a single Unicode character.

## Unicode and Unicode Code Points

Unicode is a superset of ASCII that represents characters by assigning a unique number to every character. This unique number is called a Unicode code point. Unicode aims to represent all the world's characters including various alphabets, numbers, symbols, and even emoji as Unicode code points.

In Go, the `rune` type represents a single Unicode code point.

The following table contains example Unicode characters along with their Unicode code point and decimal values:

| Unicode Character | Unicode Code Point | Decimal Value |
|-------------------|--------------------|---------------|
| 0                 | `U+0030`           | `48`          |
| A                 | `U+0041`           | `65`          |
| a                 | `U+0061`           | `97`          |
| ¿                 | `U+00BF`           | `191`         |
| π                 | `U+03C0`           | `960`         |
| 🧠                | `U+1F9E0`          | `129504`      |

## UTF-8

UTF-8 is a variable-width character encoding that is used to encode every Unicode code point as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes. Since a Unicode code point can be encoded as a maximum of 4 bytes, the `rune` type needs to be able to hold up to 4 bytes of data. That is why the `rune` type is an alias for `int32` as an `int32` type is capable of holding up to 4 bytes of data.

Go source code files are encoded using UTF-8.

## Using Runes

Variables of type `rune` are declared by placing a character inside single quotes:

```go
myRune := '¿'
```

Since `rune` is just an alias for `int32`, printing a rune's type will yield `int32`:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune type: %T\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune type: int32
```

Similarly, printing a rune's value will yield its integer (decimal) value:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune value: %v\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune value: 191
```

To print the Unicode character represented by the rune, use the `%c` formatting verb:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune Unicode character: %c\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune Unicode character: ¿
```

To print the Unicode code point represented by the rune, use the `%U` formatting verb:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune Unicode code point: %U\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune Unicode code point: U+00BF
```

## Runes and Strings

Strings in Go are encoded using UTF-8 which means they contain Unicode characters. Since the `rune` type represents a Unicode character, a string in Go is often referred to as a sequence of runes. However, runes are stored as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes depending on the character. Due to this, strings are really just a sequence of bytes. In Go, slices are used to represent sequences and these slices can be iterated over using `range`.

Even though a string is just a slice of bytes, the `range` keyword iterates over a string's runes, not its bytes. In this example, the `index` variable represents the starting index of the current rune's byte sequence and the `char` variable represents the current rune:

```go
myString := "❗hello"
for index, char := range myString {
  fmt.Printf("Index: %d\tCharacter: %c\t\tCode Point: %U\n", index, char, char)
}
// Output:
// Index: 0	Character: ❗		Code Point: U+2757
// Index: 3	Character: h		Code Point: U+0068
// Index: 4	Character: e		Code Point: U+0065
// Index: 5	Character: l		Code Point: U+006C
// Index: 6	Character: l		Code Point: U+006C
// Index: 7	Character: o		Code Point: U+006F
```

Since runes can be stored as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes, the length of a string may not always equal the number of characters in the string. Use the builtin `len` function to get the length of a string in bytes and the `utf8.RuneCountInString` function to get the number of runes in a string:

```go
import "unicode/utf8"

myString := "❗hello"
stringLength := len(myString)
numberOfRunes := utf8.RuneCountInString(myString)

fmt.Printf("myString - Length: %d - Runes: %d\n", stringLength, numberOfRunes)
// Output: myString - Length: 8 - Runes: 6
```

## Type Converting Runes

A slice of runes can be type converted to a string:

```go
myRuneSlice := []rune{'e', 'x', 'e', 'r', 'c', 'i', 's', 'm'}
myString := string(myRuneSlice)
fmt.Println(myString)
// Output: exercism
```

Similarly, a string can be type converted to a slice of runes. Remember, without formatting verbs, printing a rune yields its integer (decimal) value:

```go
myString := "exercism"
myRuneSlice := []rune(myString)
fmt.Println(myRuneSlice)
// Output: [101 120 101 114 99 105 115 109]
```

Commit message:

runes: add hex and decimal examples (#2081)

concepts/runes/about.md, after:

# About

The `rune` type in Go is an alias for `int32`. Given this underlying `int32` type, the `rune` type holds a signed 32-bit integer value. However, unlike an `int32` type, the integer value stored in a `rune` type represents a single Unicode character.

## Unicode and Unicode Code Points

Unicode is a superset of ASCII that represents characters by assigning a unique number to every character. This unique number is called a Unicode code point. Unicode aims to represent all the world's characters including various alphabets, numbers, symbols, and even emoji as Unicode code points.

In Go, the `rune` type represents a single Unicode code point.

The following table contains example Unicode characters along with their Unicode code point and decimal values:

| Unicode Character | Unicode Code Point | Decimal Value |
|-------------------|--------------------|---------------|
| 0                 | `U+0030`           | `48`          |
| A                 | `U+0041`           | `65`          |
| a                 | `U+0061`           | `97`          |
| ¿                 | `U+00BF`           | `191`         |
| π                 | `U+03C0`           | `960`         |
| 🧠                | `U+1F9E0`          | `129504`      |

## UTF-8

UTF-8 is a variable-width character encoding that is used to encode every Unicode code point as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes. Since a Unicode code point can be encoded as a maximum of 4 bytes, the `rune` type needs to be able to hold up to 4 bytes of data. That is why the `rune` type is an alias for `int32` as an `int32` type is capable of holding up to 4 bytes of data.

Go source code files are encoded using UTF-8.

## Using Runes

Variables of type `rune` are declared by placing a character inside single quotes:

```go
myRune := '¿'
```

Since `rune` is just an alias for `int32`, printing a rune's type will yield `int32`:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune type: %T\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune type: int32
```

Similarly, printing a rune's value will yield its integer (decimal) value:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune value: %v\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune value: 191
```

To print the Unicode character represented by the rune, use the `%c` formatting verb:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune Unicode character: %c\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune Unicode character: ¿
```

To print the Unicode code point represented by the rune, use the `%U` formatting verb:

```go
myRune := '¿'
fmt.Printf("myRune Unicode code point: %U\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune Unicode code point: U+00BF
```

Besides defining a rune by wrapping the character in single quotes, you can also specify the hexadecimal or decimal number:

```go
myRune := rune(0xbf)
myRune = 191
fmt.Printf("myRune Unicode character: %c\n", myRune)
// Output: myRune Unicode character: ¿
```

## Runes and Strings

Strings in Go are encoded using UTF-8 which means they contain Unicode characters. Since the `rune` type represents a Unicode character, a string in Go is often referred to as a sequence of runes. However, runes are stored as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes depending on the character. Due to this, strings are really just a sequence of bytes. In Go, slices are used to represent sequences and these slices can be iterated over using `range`.

Even though a string is just a slice of bytes, the `range` keyword iterates over a string's runes, not its bytes. In this example, the `index` variable represents the starting index of the current rune's byte sequence and the `char` variable represents the current rune:

```go
myString := "❗hello"
for index, char := range myString {
  fmt.Printf("Index: %d\tCharacter: %c\t\tCode Point: %U\n", index, char, char)
}
// Output:
// Index: 0	Character: ❗		Code Point: U+2757
// Index: 3	Character: h		Code Point: U+0068
// Index: 4	Character: e		Code Point: U+0065
// Index: 5	Character: l		Code Point: U+006C
// Index: 6	Character: l		Code Point: U+006C
// Index: 7	Character: o		Code Point: U+006F
```

Since runes can be stored as 1, 2, 3, or 4 bytes, the length of a string may not always equal the number of characters in the string. Use the builtin `len` function to get the length of a string in bytes and the `utf8.RuneCountInString` function to get the number of runes in a string:

```go
import "unicode/utf8"

myString := "❗hello"
stringLength := len(myString)
numberOfRunes := utf8.RuneCountInString(myString)

fmt.Printf("myString - Length: %d - Runes: %d\n", stringLength, numberOfRunes)
// Output: myString - Length: 8 - Runes: 6
```

## Type Converting Runes

A slice of runes can be type converted to a string:

```go
myRuneSlice := []rune{'e', 'x', 'e', 'r', 'c', 'i', 's', 'm'}
myString := string(myRuneSlice)
fmt.Println(myString)
// Output: exercism
```

Similarly, a string can be type converted to a slice of runes. Remember, without formatting verbs, printing a rune yields its integer (decimal) value:

```go
myString := "exercism"
myRuneSlice := []rune(myString)
fmt.Println(myRuneSlice)
// Output: [101 120 101 114 99 105 115 109]
```
