exercises/isbn-verifier/README.md, before:

# Isbn Verifier

Check if a given ISBN-10 is valid.

## Functionality

Given an unknown string the program should check if the provided string is a valid ISBN-10.
Putting this into place requires some thinking about preprocessing/parsing of the string prior to calculating the check digit for the ISBN.

The program should allow for ISBN-10 without the separating dashes to be verified as well.

## ISBN

Let's take a random ISBN-10 number, say `3-598-21508-8` for this.
The first digit block indicates the group where the ISBN belongs. Groups can consist of shared languages, geographic regions or countries. The leading '3' signals this ISBN is from a german speaking country.
The following number block is to identify the publisher. Since this is a three digit publisher number there is a 5 digit title number for this book.
The last digit in the ISBN is the check digit which is used to detect read errors.

The first 9 digits in the ISBN have to be between 0 and 9.
The check digit can additionally be an 'X' to allow 10 to be a valid check digit as well.

A valid ISBN-10 is calculated with this formula `(x1 * 10 + x2 * 9 + x3 * 8 + x4 * 7 + x5 * 6 + x6 * 5 + x7 * 4 + x8 * 3 + x9 * 2 + x10 * 1) mod 11 == 0`
So for our example ISBN this means:
(3 * 10 + 5 * 9 + 9 * 8 + 8 * 7 + 2 * 6 + 1 * 5 + 5 * 4 + 0 * 3 + 8 * 2 + 8 * 1) mod 11 = 0

Which proves that the ISBN is valid.

## Caveats

Converting from string to number can be tricky in certain languages.
It's getting even trickier since the check-digit of an ISBN-10 can be 'X'.

## Bonus tasks

* Generate a valid ISBN-13 from the input ISBN-10 (and maybe verify it again with a derived verifier)

* Generate valid ISBN, maybe even from a given starting ISBN
## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Converting a string into a number and some basic processing utilizing a relatable real world example. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number#ISBN-10_check_digit_calculation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number#ISBN-10_check_digit_calculation)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Regenerate exercise READMEs to pick up tweaks to problem description
The upstream problem specifications have been updated with various
formatting changes, whitespace changes, and clarifications to the description.

This pulls in all the recent changes.

exercises/isbn-verifier/README.md, after:

# ISBN Verifier

The [ISBN-10 verification process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number) is used to validate book identification
numbers. These normally contain dashes and look like: `3-598-21508-8`

## ISBN

The ISBN-10 format is 9 digits (0 to 9) plus one check character (either a digit or an X only). In the case the check character is an X, this represents the value '10'. These may be communicated with or without hyphens, and can be checked for their validity by the following formula:

```
(x1 * 10 + x2 * 9 + x3 * 8 + x4 * 7 + x5 * 6 + x6 * 5 + x7 * 4 + x8 * 3 + x9 * 2 + x10 * 1) mod 11 == 0
```

If the result is 0, then it is a valid ISBN-10, otherwise it is invalid.

## Example

Let's take the ISBN-10 `3-598-21508-8`. We plug it in to the formula, and get:
```
(3 * 10 + 5 * 9 + 9 * 8 + 8 * 7 + 2 * 6 + 1 * 5 + 5 * 4 + 0 * 3 + 8 * 2 + 8 * 1) mod 11 == 0
```

Since the result is 0, this proves that our ISBN is valid.

## Task

Given a string the program should check if the provided string is a valid ISBN-10.
Putting this into place requires some thinking about preprocessing/parsing of the string prior to calculating the check digit for the ISBN.

The program should be able to verify ISBN-10 both with and without separating dashes.


## Caveats

Converting from strings to numbers can be tricky in certain languages.
Now, it's even trickier since the check digit of an ISBN-10 may be 'X' (representing '10'). For instance `3-598-21507-X` is a valid ISBN-10.

## Bonus tasks

* Generate a valid ISBN-13 from the input ISBN-10 (and maybe verify it again with a derived verifier).

* Generate valid ISBN, maybe even from a given starting ISBN.
## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Converting a string into a number and some basic processing utilizing a relatable real world example. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number#ISBN-10_check_digit_calculation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Book_Number#ISBN-10_check_digit_calculation)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
