exercises/twelve-days/README.md, before:

# Twelve Days

Output the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas'.

```text
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me: a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me: two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me: three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: twelve Drummers Drumming, eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song))

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/twelve-days/README.md, after:

# Twelve Days

Output the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas'.

```text
On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me: a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me: two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me: three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me: eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.

On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: twelve Drummers Drumming, eleven Pipers Piping, ten Lords-a-Leaping, nine Ladies Dancing, eight Maids-a-Milking, seven Swans-a-Swimming, six Geese-a-Laying, five Gold Rings, four Calling Birds, three French Hens, two Turtle Doves, and a Partridge in a Pear Tree.
```

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name twelve_days.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song))

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
