exercises/largest-series-product/README.md, before:

# Largest Series Product

Given a string of digits, calculate the largest product for a contiguous
substring of digits of length n.

For example, for the input `'1027839564'`, the largest product for a
series of 3 digits is 270 (9 * 5 * 6), and the largest product for a
series of 5 digits is 7560 (7 * 8 * 3 * 9 * 5).

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.

For the input `'73167176531330624919225119674426574742355349194934'`,
the largest product for a series of 6 digits is 23520.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

A variation on Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/largest-series-product/README.md, after:

# Largest Series Product

Given a string of digits, calculate the largest product for a contiguous
substring of digits of length n.

For example, for the input `'1027839564'`, the largest product for a
series of 3 digits is 270 (9 * 5 * 6), and the largest product for a
series of 5 digits is 7560 (7 * 8 * 3 * 9 * 5).

Note that these series are only required to occupy *adjacent positions*
in the input; the digits need not be *numerically consecutive*.

For the input `'73167176531330624919225119674426574742355349194934'`,
the largest product for a series of 6 digits is 23520.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name largest_series_product.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

A variation on Problem 8 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=8](http://projecteuler.net/problem=8)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
