exercises/grep/README.md, before:

# Grep

Search a file for lines matching a regular expression pattern. Return the line
number and contents of each matching line.

The Unix [`grep`](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/grep.html) command can be used to search for lines in one or more files
that match a user-provided search query (known as the *pattern*).

The `grep` command takes three arguments:

1. The pattern used to match lines in a file.
2. Zero or more flags to customize the matching behavior.
3. One or more files in which to search for matching lines.

Your task is to implement the `grep` function, which should read the contents
of the specified files, find the lines that match the specified pattern
and then output those lines as a single string. Note that the lines should
be output in the order in which they were found, with the first matching line
in the first file being output first.

As an example, suppose there is a file named "input.txt" with the following contents:

```text
hello
world
hello again
```

If we were to call `grep "hello" input.txt`, the returned string should be:

```text
hello
hello again
```

### Flags

As said earlier, the `grep` command should also support the following flags:

- `-n` Print the line numbers of each matching line.
- `-l` Print only the names of files that contain at least one matching line.
- `-i` Match line using a case-insensitive comparison.
- `-v` Invert the program -- collect all lines that fail to match the pattern.
- `-x` Only match entire lines, instead of lines that contain a match.

If we run `grep -n "hello" input.txt`, the `-n` flag will require the matching
lines to be prefixed with its line number:

```text
1:hello
3:hello again
```

And if we run `grep -i "HELLO" input.txt`, we'll do a case-insensitive match,
and the output will be:

```text
hello
hello again
```

The `grep` command should support multiple flags at once.

For example, running `grep -l -v "hello" file1.txt file2.txt` should
print the names of files that do not contain the string "hello".

## Implementation

Define a single Go func, GrepFiles, which accepts a pattern string,
a slice of flags which are strings, and a slice of filename strings.
GrepFiles should return a slice of strings of the output for
the given flags and filenames.

Use the following signature for func GrepFiles:

```
func GrepFiles(pattern string, flags []string, files []string) []string {
```



## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Conversation with Nate Foster. [http://www.cs.cornell.edu/Courses/cs3110/2014sp/hw/0/ps0.pdf](http://www.cs.cornell.edu/Courses/cs3110/2014sp/hw/0/ps0.pdf)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

grep: update after review
Sort topices in config.json.
Clean up commented out code.
Use options name.
Avoid underscore and use option names closer to README.md descriptions.
Choose Search and searchFile as func names.
Update test program.
Update hints.md and README.md.

exercises/grep/README.md, after:

# Grep

Search a file for lines matching a regular expression pattern. Return the line
number and contents of each matching line.

The Unix [`grep`](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/grep.html) command can be used to search for lines in one or more files
that match a user-provided search query (known as the *pattern*).

The `grep` command takes three arguments:

1. The pattern used to match lines in a file.
2. Zero or more flags to customize the matching behavior.
3. One or more files in which to search for matching lines.

Your task is to implement the `grep` function, which should read the contents
of the specified files, find the lines that match the specified pattern
and then output those lines as a single string. Note that the lines should
be output in the order in which they were found, with the first matching line
in the first file being output first.

As an example, suppose there is a file named "input.txt" with the following contents:

```text
hello
world
hello again
```

If we were to call `grep "hello" input.txt`, the returned string should be:

```text
hello
hello again
```

### Flags

As said earlier, the `grep` command should also support the following flags:

- `-n` Print the line numbers of each matching line.
- `-l` Print only the names of files that contain at least one matching line.
- `-i` Match line using a case-insensitive comparison.
- `-v` Invert the program -- collect all lines that fail to match the pattern.
- `-x` Only match entire lines, instead of lines that contain a match.

If we run `grep -n "hello" input.txt`, the `-n` flag will require the matching
lines to be prefixed with its line number:

```text
1:hello
3:hello again
```

And if we run `grep -i "HELLO" input.txt`, we'll do a case-insensitive match,
and the output will be:

```text
hello
hello again
```

The `grep` command should support multiple flags at once.

For example, running `grep -l -v "hello" file1.txt file2.txt` should
print the names of files that do not contain the string "hello".

## Implementation

In package grep, Define a single Go func, Search, which accepts a pattern string,
a slice of flags which are strings, and a slice of filename strings.
Search should return a slice of strings of the output for
the given flags and filenames.

Use the following signature for func Search:

```
func Search(pattern string, flags, files []string) []string {
```



## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Conversation with Nate Foster. [http://www.cs.cornell.edu/Courses/cs3110/2014sp/hw/0/ps0.pdf](http://www.cs.cornell.edu/Courses/cs3110/2014sp/hw/0/ps0.pdf)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
