exercises/sieve/README.md, before:

# Sieve

Use the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all the primes from 2 up to a given
number.

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all
prime numbers up to any given limit. It does so by iteratively marking as
composite (i.e. not prime) the multiples of each prime,
starting with the multiples of 2.

Create your range, starting at two and continuing up to and including the given limit. (i.e. [2, limit])

The algorithm consists of repeating the following over and over:

- take the next available unmarked number in your list (it is prime)
- mark all the multiples of that number (they are not prime)

Repeat until you have processed each number in your range.

When the algorithm terminates, all the numbers in the list that have not
been marked are prime.

The wikipedia article has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes

Notice that this is a very specific algorithm, and the tests don't check
that you've implemented the algorithm, only that you've come up with the
correct list of primes.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Sieve of Eratosthenes at Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

README.md files: adding in benchmem to tests (#1120)
* adding in benchmem to tests
* adding extra changes from configlet run
* updating the instructions to reference benchmem

exercises/sieve/README.md, after:

# Sieve

Use the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all the primes from 2 up to a given
number.

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all
prime numbers up to any given limit. It does so by iteratively marking as
composite (i.e. not prime) the multiples of each prime, starting with the
multiples of 2. It does not use any division or remainder operation.

Create your range, starting at two and continuing up to and including the given limit. (i.e. [2, limit])

The algorithm consists of repeating the following over and over:

- take the next available unmarked number in your list (it is prime)
- mark all the multiples of that number (they are not prime)

Repeat until you have processed each number in your range.

When the algorithm terminates, all the numbers in the list that have not
been marked are prime.

The wikipedia article has a useful graphic that explains the algorithm:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes

Notice that this is a very specific algorithm, and the tests don't check
that you've implemented the algorithm, only that you've come up with the
correct list of primes. A good first test is to check that you do not use
division or remainder operations (div, /, mod or % depending on the
language).

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Sieve of Eratosthenes at Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
