exercises/accumulate/README.md, before:

# Accumulate

Implement the `accumulate` operation, which, given a collection and an
operation to perform on each element of the collection, returns a new
collection containing the result of applying that operation to each element of
the input collection.

Given the collection of strings:

- "cat", "Dog", "b4t", "gO"

And the operation:

- upcase a string

Your code should be able to produce the collection of strings:

- "CAT", "DOG", "B4T, "GO"

Check out the test suite to see the expected function signature.

## Restrictions

Keep your hands off that collect/map/fmap/whatchamacallit functionality
provided by your standard library!
Solve this one yourself using other basic tools instead.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Conversation with James Edward Gray II [https://twitter.com/jeg2](https://twitter.com/jeg2)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/accumulate/README.md, after:

# Accumulate

Implement the `accumulate` operation, which, given a collection and an
operation to perform on each element of the collection, returns a new
collection containing the result of applying that operation to each element of
the input collection.

Given the collection of strings:

- "cat", "Dog", "b4t", "gO"

And the operation:

- upcase a string

Your code should be able to produce the collection of strings:

- "CAT", "DOG", "B4T, "GO"

Check out the test suite to see the expected function signature.

## Restrictions

Keep your hands off that collect/map/fmap/whatchamacallit functionality
provided by your standard library!
Solve this one yourself using other basic tools instead.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name accumulate.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Conversation with James Edward Gray II [https://twitter.com/jeg2](https://twitter.com/jeg2)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
