exercises/robot-simulator/README.md, before:

# Robot Simulator

Write a robot simulator.

A robot factory's test facility needs a program to verify robot movements.

The robots have three possible movements:

- turn right
- turn left
- advance

Robots are placed on a hypothetical infinite grid, facing a particular
direction (north, east, south, or west) at a set of {x,y} coordinates,
e.g., {3,8}, with coordinates increasing to the north and east.

The robot then receives a number of instructions, at which point the
testing facility verifies the robot's new position, and in which
direction it is pointing.

- The letter-string "RAALAL" means:
  - Turn right
  - Advance twice
  - Turn left
  - Advance once
  - Turn left yet again
- Say a robot starts at {7, 3} facing north. Then running this stream
  of instructions should leave it at {9, 4} facing west.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by an interview question at a famous company.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/robot-simulator/README.md, after:

# Robot Simulator

Write a robot simulator.

A robot factory's test facility needs a program to verify robot movements.

The robots have three possible movements:

- turn right
- turn left
- advance

Robots are placed on a hypothetical infinite grid, facing a particular
direction (north, east, south, or west) at a set of {x,y} coordinates,
e.g., {3,8}, with coordinates increasing to the north and east.

The robot then receives a number of instructions, at which point the
testing facility verifies the robot's new position, and in which
direction it is pointing.

- The letter-string "RAALAL" means:
  - Turn right
  - Advance twice
  - Turn left
  - Advance once
  - Turn left yet again
- Say a robot starts at {7, 3} facing north. Then running this stream
  of instructions should leave it at {9, 4} facing west.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name robot_simulator.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by an interview question at a famous company.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
