exercises/grains/README.md, before:

# Grains

Calculate the number of grains of wheat on a chessboard given that the number
on each square doubles.

There once was a wise servant who saved the life of a prince. The king
promised to pay whatever the servant could dream up. Knowing that the
king loved chess, the servant told the king he would like to have grains
of wheat. One grain on the first square of a chess board. Two grains on
the next. Four on the third, and so on.

There are 64 squares on a chessboard.

Write code that shows:
- how many grains were on each square, and
- the total number of grains

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- Optimize for speed.
- Optimize for readability.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 6 [http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/grains/README.md, after:

# Grains

Calculate the number of grains of wheat on a chessboard given that the number
on each square doubles.

There once was a wise servant who saved the life of a prince. The king
promised to pay whatever the servant could dream up. Knowing that the
king loved chess, the servant told the king he would like to have grains
of wheat. One grain on the first square of a chess board, with the number
of grains doubling on each successive square.

There are 64 squares on a chessboard (where square 1 has one grain, square 2 has two grains, and so on).

Write code that shows:
- how many grains were on a given square, and
- the total number of grains on the chessboard

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- Optimize for speed.
- Optimize for readability.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name grains.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 6 [http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/grains.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
