exercises/rotational-cipher/README.md, before:

# Rotational Cipher

Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.

The Caesar cipher is a simple shift cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet using an integer key
between `0` and `26`. Using a key of `0` or `26` will always yield
the same output due to modular arithmetic. The letter is shifted
for as many values as the value of the key.

The general notation for rotational ciphers is `ROT + <key>`.
The most commonly used rotational cipher is `ROT13`.

A `ROT13` on the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: nopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklm
```

It is stronger than the Atbash cipher because it has 27 possible keys, and 25 usable keys.

Ciphertext is written out in the same formatting as the input including spaces and punctuation.

## Examples

- ROT5  `omg` gives `trl`
- ROT0  `c` gives `c`
- ROT26 `Cool` gives `Cool`
- ROT13 `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.` gives `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.`
- ROT13 `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.` gives `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.`

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/rotational-cipher/README.md, after:

# Rotational Cipher

Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.

The Caesar cipher is a simple shift cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet using an integer key
between `0` and `26`. Using a key of `0` or `26` will always yield
the same output due to modular arithmetic. The letter is shifted
for as many values as the value of the key.

The general notation for rotational ciphers is `ROT + <key>`.
The most commonly used rotational cipher is `ROT13`.

A `ROT13` on the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: nopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklm
```

It is stronger than the Atbash cipher because it has 27 possible keys, and 25 usable keys.

Ciphertext is written out in the same formatting as the input including spaces and punctuation.

## Examples

- ROT5  `omg` gives `trl`
- ROT0  `c` gives `c`
- ROT26 `Cool` gives `Cool`
- ROT13 `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.` gives `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.`
- ROT13 `Gur dhvpx oebja sbk whzcf bire gur ynml qbt.` gives `The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.`

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name rotational_cipher.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
