exercises/yacht/README.md, before:

# Yacht
The dice game [Yacht](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yacht_(dice_game)) is from
the same family as Poker Dice, Generala and particularly Yahtzee, of which it
is a precursor. In the game, five dice are rolled and the result can be entered
in any of twelve categories. The score of a throw of the dice depends on
category chosen.

## Scores in Yacht

    Category        Score                   Example
    Ones            1 × number of ones      1 1 1 4 5 scores 3
    Twos            2 × number of twos      2 2 3 4 5 scores 4
    Threes          3 × number of threes    3 3 3 3 3 scores 15
    Fours           4 × number of fours     1 2 3 3 5 scores 0
    Fives           5 × number of fives     5 1 5 2 5 scores 15
    Sixes           6 × number of sixes     2 3 4 5 6 scores 6
    Full House      Total of the dice       3 3 3 5 5 scores 19
    Four of a Kind  Total of the four dice  4 4 4 4 6 scores 16
    Little Straight 30 points               1 2 3 4 5 scores 30 
    Big Straight    30 points               2 3 4 5 6 scores 30
    Choice          Sum of the dice         2 3 3 4 6 scores 18
    Yacht           50 points               4 4 4 4 4 scores 50

If the dice do not satisfy the requirements of a category, the score is zero.
If, for example, *Four Of A Kind* is entered in the *Yacht* category, zero
points are scored. A *Yacht* scores zero if entered in the *Full House* category.

## Task 
Given a list of values for five dice and a category, your solution should return
the score of the dice for that category. If the dice do not satisfy the requirements
of the category your solution should return 0. You can assume that five values
will always be presented, and the value of each will be between one and six
inclusively. You should not assume that the dice are ordered.

## Bonus tasks
* Adapt the program for other similar games.

* Create a function that finds the highest scoring category for five dice.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source
Processing a list of integers and identifying patterns in a relatable real world example.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

README.md files: adding in benchmem to tests (#1120)
* adding in benchmem to tests
* adding extra changes from configlet run
* updating the instructions to reference benchmem

exercises/yacht/README.md, after:

# Yacht

# Score a single throw of dice in *Yacht*

The dice game [Yacht](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yacht_(dice_game)) is from
the same family as Poker Dice, Generala and particularly Yahtzee, of which it
is a precursor. In the game, five dice are rolled and the result can be entered
in any of twelve categories. The score of a throw of the dice depends on
category chosen.

## Scores in Yacht

    Category    Score                   Example
    Ones            1 × number of ones      1 1 1 4 5 scores 3
    Twos            2 × number of twos      2 2 3 4 5 scores 4
    Threes          3 × number of threes    3 3 3 3 3 scores 15
    Fours           4 × number of fours     1 2 3 3 5 scores 0
    Fives           5 × number of fives     5 1 5 2 5 scores 15
    Sixes           6 × number of sixes     2 3 4 5 6 scores 6
    Full House      Total of the dice       3 3 3 5 5 scores 19
    Four of a Kind  Total of the four dice  4 4 4 4 6 scores 16
    Little Straight 30 points               1 2 3 4 5 scores 30 
    Big Straight    30 points               2 3 4 5 6 scores 30
    Choice          Sum of the dice         2 3 3 4 6 scores 18
    Yacht           50 points               4 4 4 4 4 scores 50

If the dice do not satisfy the requirements of a category, the score is zero.
If, for example, *Four Of A Kind* is entered in the *Yacht* category, zero
points are scored. A *Yacht* scores zero if entered in the *Full House* category.

## Task 
Given a list of values for five dice and a category, your solution should return
the score of the dice for that category. If the dice do not satisfy the requirements
of the category your solution should return 0. You can assume that five values
will always be presented, and the value of each will be between one and six
inclusively. You should not assume that the dice are ordered.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

James Kilfiger, using wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yacht_(dice_game)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yacht_(dice_game))

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
