exercises/roman-numerals/README.md, before:

# Roman Numerals

Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals.

The Romans were a clever bunch. They conquered most of Europe and ruled
it for hundreds of years. They invented concrete and straight roads and
even bikinis. One thing they never discovered though was the number
zero. This made writing and dating extensive histories of their exploits
slightly more challenging, but the system of numbers they came up with
is still in use today. For example the BBC uses Roman numerals to date
their programmes.

The Romans wrote numbers using letters - I, V, X, L, C, D, M. (notice
these letters have lots of straight lines and are hence easy to hack
into stone tablets).

```text
 1  => I
10  => X
 7  => VII
```

There is no need to be able to convert numbers larger than about 3000.
(The Romans themselves didn't tend to go any higher)

Wikipedia says: Modern Roman numerals ... are written by expressing each
digit separately starting with the left most digit and skipping any
digit with a value of zero.

To see this in practice, consider the example of 1990.

In Roman numerals 1990 is MCMXC:

1000=M
900=CM
90=XC

2008 is written as MMVIII:

2000=MM
8=VIII

See also: http://www.novaroma.org/via_romana/numbers.html

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Roman Numeral Kata [http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals](http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/roman-numerals/README.md, after:

# Roman Numerals

Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals.

The Romans were a clever bunch. They conquered most of Europe and ruled
it for hundreds of years. They invented concrete and straight roads and
even bikinis. One thing they never discovered though was the number
zero. This made writing and dating extensive histories of their exploits
slightly more challenging, but the system of numbers they came up with
is still in use today. For example the BBC uses Roman numerals to date
their programmes.

The Romans wrote numbers using letters - I, V, X, L, C, D, M. (notice
these letters have lots of straight lines and are hence easy to hack
into stone tablets).

```text
 1  => I
10  => X
 7  => VII
```

There is no need to be able to convert numbers larger than about 3000.
(The Romans themselves didn't tend to go any higher)

Wikipedia says: Modern Roman numerals ... are written by expressing each
digit separately starting with the left most digit and skipping any
digit with a value of zero.

To see this in practice, consider the example of 1990.

In Roman numerals 1990 is MCMXC:

1000=M
900=CM
90=XC

2008 is written as MMVIII:

2000=MM
8=VIII

See also: http://www.novaroma.org/via_romana/numbers.html

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name roman_numerals.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Roman Numeral Kata [http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals](http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
