exercises/proverb/README.md, before:

# Proverb

For want of a horseshoe nail, a kingdom was lost, or so the saying goes.

Given a list of inputs, generate the relevant proverb. For example, given the list `["nail", "shoe", "horse", "rider", "message", "battle", "kingdom"]`, you will output the full text of this proverbial rhyme:

```text
For want of a nail the shoe was lost.
For want of a shoe the horse was lost.
For want of a horse the rider was lost.
For want of a rider the message was lost.
For want of a message the battle was lost.
For want of a battle the kingdom was lost.
And all for the want of a nail.
```

Note that the list of inputs may vary; your solution should be able to handle lists of arbitrary length and content. No line of the output text should be a static, unchanging string; all should vary according to the input given.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/proverb/README.md, after:

# Proverb

For want of a horseshoe nail, a kingdom was lost, or so the saying goes.

Given a list of inputs, generate the relevant proverb. For example, given the list `["nail", "shoe", "horse", "rider", "message", "battle", "kingdom"]`, you will output the full text of this proverbial rhyme:

```text
For want of a nail the shoe was lost.
For want of a shoe the horse was lost.
For want of a horse the rider was lost.
For want of a rider the message was lost.
For want of a message the battle was lost.
For want of a battle the kingdom was lost.
And all for the want of a nail.
```

Note that the list of inputs may vary; your solution should be able to handle lists of arbitrary length and content. No line of the output text should be a static, unchanging string; all should vary according to the input given.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name proverb.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/For_Want_of_a_Nail)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
