exercises/minesweeper/README.md, before:

# Minesweeper

Add the numbers to a minesweeper board.

Minesweeper is a popular game where the user has to find the mines using
numeric hints that indicate how many mines are directly adjacent
(horizontally, vertically, diagonally) to a square.

In this exercise you have to create some code that counts the number of
mines adjacent to a square and transforms boards like this (where `*`
indicates a mine):

    +-----+
    | * * |
    |  *  |
    |  *  |
    |     |
    +-----+

into this:

    +-----+
    |1*3*1|
    |13*31|
    | 2*2 |
    | 111 |
    +-----+

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/minesweeper/README.md, after:

# Minesweeper

Add the numbers to a minesweeper board.

Minesweeper is a popular game where the user has to find the mines using
numeric hints that indicate how many mines are directly adjacent
(horizontally, vertically, diagonally) to a square.

In this exercise you have to create some code that counts the number of
mines adjacent to a square and transforms boards like this (where `*`
indicates a mine):

    +-----+
    | * * |
    |  *  |
    |  *  |
    |     |
    +-----+

into this:

    +-----+
    |1*3*1|
    |13*31|
    | 2*2 |
    | 111 |
    +-----+

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name minesweeper.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
