exercises/hello-world/README.md, before:

# Hello World

The classical introductory exercise. Just say "Hello, World!".

["Hello, World!"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program) is
the traditional first program for beginning programming in a new language
or environment.

The objectives are simple:

- Write a function that returns the string "Hello, World!".
- Run the test suite and make sure that it succeeds.
- Submit your solution and check it at the website.

If everything goes well, you will be ready to fetch your first real exercise.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

This is an exercise to introduce users to using Exercism [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/hello-world/README.md, after:

# Hello World

The classical introductory exercise. Just say "Hello, World!".

["Hello, World!"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program) is
the traditional first program for beginning programming in a new language
or environment.

The objectives are simple:

- Write a function that returns the string "Hello, World!".
- Run the test suite and make sure that it succeeds.
- Submit your solution and check it at the website.

If everything goes well, you will be ready to fetch your first real exercise.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name hello_world.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

This is an exercise to introduce users to using Exercism [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Hello,_world!%22_program)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
