exercises/concept/card-tricks/.docs/hints.md, before:

# Hints

## General

- slices in Go are zero-based. The first index in a slice is `0`.

## 1. Retrieve a card from a stack

- To get the `n`th item of a slice [use an index][go-slices].
- To check if an item exists in a slice use a conditional and compare the index with the [length of the slice][len-builtin].
- Note: a slice always starts with index `0`, `1`, `2`, etc.

## 2. Exchange a card in the stack

- To set the `n`th item in a slice [use an index][go-slices] and assign a new value to it.
- To add a new item to a list use the builtin [`append`][append-builtin] function.

## 3. Create a stack of cards

- There are several ways to create a new slice. The simplest is `var s []int`. More options you get with the [`make`][make-builtin] function.
- Use the techniques from 2. to fill the slice with the correct values in a `for` loop.

## 4. Remove a card from the stack

- Removing an item from a slice can be done by appending the part after `index` to the part before index.

[go-slices]: https://blog.golang.org/go-slices-usage-and-internals
[make-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#make
[len-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#len
[append-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#append

Commit message:

Card Tricks: Adapt to current concept tree progression #1990
Adapted card tricks to  current concept tree progression #1990
* Removed the task about `PrefilledSlice` from all the relevant exercise files
* Added function `AllItems` which returns a new slice filled with numbers 1..10. Added to docs and added a test.
* Changed `GetItem` to have only one return value. Updated tests accordingly.
* Added code in `TestSetItem` which checks that `SetItem(slice,index)` modifies the
  existing slice as long as `index` is within slice bounds.
* Added a variadic function `PrependItems`.  Added to docs and added a test.
* Added the content of `concepts/variadic-functions/introductions.md` to the introduction.
* Added more info about the inbuilt `append` function to hints and instructions.
* Updated the root level `config.json` in line with #1990 recommendations

exercises/concept/card-tricks/.docs/hints.md, after:

# Hints

## General

- Slices in Go are zero-based. The first index in a slice is `0`. 
- The builtin [`append`][append-builtin] function is [`variadic`][variadic-gobyexample] 
- You can append the elements of one slice to another slice by using the three dots notation: 

```go
a := []int{1,3}
b := []int{4,2,6}
c := append(a,b...)  
fmt.Println(c)
// output is [1 3 4 2 6]
```

## 1. AllItems 

- There are several ways to create a new slice. The simplest is `var s []int`.
- You get more options with the [`make`][make-builtin] function. 
- To create a slice pre-filled with some data, use the slice literal notation: 
   `s := []T{x1,x2,...,xn}` 

## 2. Retrieve a card from a stack

- To get the `n`th item of a slice [use an index][go-slices].
- To check if an item exists in a slice use a conditional and compare the index with the [length of the slice][len-builtin]. 

## 3. Exchange a card in the stack

- To set the `n`th item in a slice [use an index][go-slices] and assign a new value to it.
- To add a new item to then end of a list use the `append` function. 

## 4. Remove a card from the stack 

- Removing an item from a slice can be done by appending the part after `index`
  to the part before index. 

## 5. Prepend cards to the stack

 - Adding items to the front of a slice can be done by appending the elements of
   the original slice to the `value` argument slice.  

[go-slices]: https://blog.golang.org/go-slices-usage-and-internals
[make-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#make
[len-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#len
[append-builtin]: https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#append
[variadic-gobyexample]: https://gobyexample.com/variadic-functions
