exercises/kindergarten-garden/README.md, before:

# Kindergarten Garden

Given a diagram, determine which plants each child in the kindergarten class is
responsible for.

The kindergarten class is learning about growing plants. The teachers
thought it would be a good idea to give them actual seeds, plant them in
actual dirt, and grow actual plants.

They've chosen to grow grass, clover, radishes, and violets.

To this end, they've put little styrofoam cups along the window sills,
and planted one type of plant in each cup, choosing randomly from the
available types of seeds.

```plain
[window][window][window]
........................ # each dot represents a styrofoam cup
........................
```

There are 12 children in the class:

- Alice, Bob, Charlie, David,
- Eve, Fred, Ginny, Harriet,
- Ileana, Joseph, Kincaid, and Larry.

Each child gets 4 cups, two on each row. The children are assigned to
cups in alphabetical order.

The following diagram represents Alice's plants:

```plain
[window][window][window]
VR......................
RG......................
```

So in the row nearest the window, she has a violet and a radish; in the
row behind that, she has a radish and some grass.

Your program will be given the plants from left-to-right starting with
the row nearest the windows. From this, it should be able to determine
which plants belong to which students.

For example, if it's told that the garden looks like so:

```plain
[window][window][window]
VRCGVVRVCGGCCGVRGCVCGCGV
VRCCCGCRRGVCGCRVVCVGCGCV
```

Then if asked for Alice's plants, it should provide:

- Violets, radishes, violets, radishes

While asking for Bob's plants would yield:

- Clover, grass, clover, clover

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Random musings during airplane trip. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Regenerate exercise READMEs to pick up tweaks to problem description
The upstream problem specifications have been updated with various
formatting changes, whitespace changes, and clarifications to the description.

This pulls in all the recent changes.

exercises/kindergarten-garden/README.md, after:

# Kindergarten Garden

Given a diagram, determine which plants each child in the kindergarten class is
responsible for.

The kindergarten class is learning about growing plants. The teacher
thought it would be a good idea to give them actual seeds, plant them in
actual dirt, and grow actual plants.

They've chosen to grow grass, clover, radishes, and violets.

To this end, the children have put little cups along the window sills, and
planted one type of plant in each cup, choosing randomly from the available
types of seeds.

```text
[window][window][window]
........................ # each dot represents a cup
........................
```

There are 12 children in the class:

- Alice, Bob, Charlie, David,
- Eve, Fred, Ginny, Harriet,
- Ileana, Joseph, Kincaid, and Larry.

Each child gets 4 cups, two on each row. Their teacher assigns cups to
the children alphabetically by their names.

The following diagram represents Alice's plants:

```text
[window][window][window]
VR......................
RG......................
```

In the first row, nearest the windows, she has a violet and a radish.  In the
second row she has a radish and some grass.

Your program will be given the plants from left-to-right starting with
the row nearest the windows. From this, it should be able to determine
which plants belong to each student.

For example, if it's told that the garden looks like so:

```text
[window][window][window]
VRCGVVRVCGGCCGVRGCVCGCGV
VRCCCGCRRGVCGCRVVCVGCGCV
```

Then if asked for Alice's plants, it should provide:

- Violets, radishes, violets, radishes

While asking for Bob's plants would yield:

- Clover, grass, clover, clover

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Random musings during airplane trip. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
