exercises/concept/gross-store/.docs/instructions.md, before:

# Instructions

A friend of you has an old wholesale store called **Gross Store**, the name came from the quantity of the item that the store sell, it's all in [gross unit][gross-unit]. Your friend asked you to implement a point of sale (POS) system for his store, **but first, you want to build a prototype for it, in your prototype, your system will only record the quantity**. Your friend gave you a list of measurements to help you:

| Unit               | Score |
| ------------------ | ----- |
| quarter_of_a_dozen | 3     |
| half_of_a_dozen    | 6     |
| dozen              | 12    |
| small_gross        | 120   |
| gross              | 144   |
| great_gross        | 1728  |

## 1. Store the unit of measurement in your program

In order to use the measurement, you need to store the measurement in your program.

```go
units := Units()
fmt.Println(units)
// Output: map[...]
```

## 2. Create a new customer bill

You need to implement a function that create a new bill for the customer.

```go
bill := NewBill()
fmt.Println(bill)
// Output: map[]
```

## 3. Add item to the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Check whether the given unit of measurement is correct
- Add the item to the customer bill, indexed by the item name. You probably also need a variable to represent the customer bill, you are expected to use `map`

```go
bill := NewBill()
ok := AddItem(bill, "carrot", "dozen")
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: true or false
```

> Note that the returned value is type of `bool`

## 4. Remove item from the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Check whether the given item is in the bill
- Check whether the given unit of measurement is correct
- Check whether the new quantity is less than 0, is so return `false`
- Check whether the new quantity is 0, is so return remove the item from the customer bill
- Otherwise reduce the quantity of the item

```go
bill := NewBill()
ok := RemoveItem(bill, "carrot", "dozen")
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: true or false
```

> Note that the returned value is type of `bool`

## 5. Return the number of specific item that is in the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Check whether the given item is in the bill
- Otherwise, return the quantity of the item

```go
bill := NewBill()
qty, ok := GetItem(bill, "carrot")
fmt.Println(qty)
// Output: 12
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: true or false
```

> Note that the returned value are types of `int` and `bool`
> Note that there's no value returned by this function

[gross-unit]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gross_(unit)

Commit message:

Update instructions to improve clarity
Also match the tests and stub configuration.

exercises/concept/gross-store/.docs/instructions.md, after:

# Instructions

A friend of you has an old wholesale store called **Gross Store**, the name came from the quantity of the item that the store sell, it's all in [gross unit][gross-unit]. Your friend asked you to implement a point of sale (POS) system for his store, **but first, you want to build a prototype for it, in your prototype, your system will only record the quantity**. Your friend gave you a list of measurements to help you:

| Unit               | Score |
| ------------------ | ----- |
| quarter_of_a_dozen | 3     |
| half_of_a_dozen    | 6     |
| dozen              | 12    |
| small_gross        | 120   |
| gross              | 144   |
| great_gross        | 1728  |

## 1. Store the unit of measurement in your program

In order to use the measurement, you need to store the measurement in your program.

```go
units := Units()
fmt.Println(units)
// Output: map[...] with entries like ("dozen": 12)
```

## 2. Create a new customer bill

You need to implement a function that create a new (empty) bill for the customer.

```go
bill := NewBill()
fmt.Println(bill)
// Output: map[]
```

## 3. Add item to the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Return `false` if the given `unit` is not in the `units` map.
- Add the item to the customer `bill`, indexed by the item name and return `true`.

```go
bill := NewBill()
units := Units()
ok := AddItem(bill, units, "carrot", "dozen")
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: true (since dozen is a valid unit)
```

> Note that the returned value is type of `bool`

## 4. Remove item from the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Return `false` if the given item is **not** in the bill
- Return `false` if the given `unit` is not in the `units` map.
- Return `false` if the new quantity would be less than 0.
- If the new quantity is 0, completely remove the item from the `bill` then return `true`.
- Otherwise, reduce the quantity of the item and return `true`.

```go
bill := NewBill()
units := Units()
ok := RemoveItem(bill, units, "carrot", "dozen")
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: false (because there are no carrots in the bill)
```

> Note that the returned value is type of `bool`

## 5. Return the number of specific item that is in the customer bill

To implement this, you'll need to:

- Return `0` and `false` if the `item` is not in the bill.
- Otherwise, return the quantity of the item in the `bill` and `true`.

```go
bill := map[string]int{"carrot", 12, "grapes", 3}
qty, ok := GetItem(bill, "carrot")
fmt.Println(qty)
// Output: 12
fmt.Println(ok)
// Output: true
```

> Note that the returned value are types of `int` and `bool`

[gross-unit]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gross_(unit)
