exercises/phone-number/README.md, before:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The **North American Numbering Plan (NANP)** is a telephone numbering system used by many countries in North America like the United States, Canada or Bermuda. All NANP-countries share the same international country code: `1`.

NANP numbers are ten-digit numbers consisting of a three-digit Numbering Plan Area code, commonly known as *area code*, followed by a seven-digit local number. The first three digits of the local number represent the *exchange code*, followed by the unique four-digit number which is the *subscriber number*.


The format is usually represented as
```
(NXX)-NXX-XXXX
```
where `N` is any digit from 2 through 9 and `X` is any digit from 0 through 9.

Your task is to clean up differently formated telephone numbers by removing punctuation and the country code (1) if present.

For example, the inputs
- `+1 (613)-995-0253`
- `613-995-0253`
- `1 613 995 0253`
- `613.995.0253`

should all produce the output below from a Number() function.

`6139950253`

Additionally, a Format() function should produce the output

`(613) 995-0253`

and an AreaCode() function should output

`613`

**Note:** As this exercise only deals with telephone numbers used in NANP-countries, only 1 is considered a valid country code.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/phone-number/README.md, after:

# Phone Number

Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

The **North American Numbering Plan (NANP)** is a telephone numbering system used by many countries in North America like the United States, Canada or Bermuda. All NANP-countries share the same international country code: `1`.

NANP numbers are ten-digit numbers consisting of a three-digit Numbering Plan Area code, commonly known as *area code*, followed by a seven-digit local number. The first three digits of the local number represent the *exchange code*, followed by the unique four-digit number which is the *subscriber number*.


The format is usually represented as
```
(NXX)-NXX-XXXX
```
where `N` is any digit from 2 through 9 and `X` is any digit from 0 through 9.

Your task is to clean up differently formated telephone numbers by removing punctuation and the country code (1) if present.

For example, the inputs
- `+1 (613)-995-0253`
- `613-995-0253`
- `1 613 995 0253`
- `613.995.0253`

should all produce the output below from a Number() function.

`6139950253`

Additionally, a Format() function should produce the output

`(613) 995-0253`

and an AreaCode() function should output

`613`

**Note:** As this exercise only deals with telephone numbers used in NANP-countries, only 1 is considered a valid country code.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name phone_number.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Event Manager by JumpstartLab [http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
