exercises/prime-factors/README.md, before:

# Prime Factors

Compute the prime factors of a given natural number.

A prime number is only evenly divisible by itself and 1.

Note that 1 is not a prime number.

## Example

What are the prime factors of 60?

- Our first divisor is 2. 2 goes into 60, leaving 30.
- 2 goes into 30, leaving 15.
  - 2 doesn't go cleanly into 15. So let's move on to our next divisor, 3.
- 3 goes cleanly into 15, leaving 5.
  - 3 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 4.
  - 4 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 5.
- 5 does go cleanly into 5.
- We're left only with 1, so now, we're done.

Our successful divisors in that computation represent the list of prime
factors of 60: 2, 2, 3, and 5.

You can check this yourself:

- 2 * 2 * 3 * 5
- = 4 * 15
- = 60
- Success!

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Prime Factors Kata by Uncle Bob [http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata](http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/prime-factors/README.md, after:

# Prime Factors

Compute the prime factors of a given natural number.

A prime number is only evenly divisible by itself and 1.

Note that 1 is not a prime number.

## Example

What are the prime factors of 60?

- Our first divisor is 2. 2 goes into 60, leaving 30.
- 2 goes into 30, leaving 15.
  - 2 doesn't go cleanly into 15. So let's move on to our next divisor, 3.
- 3 goes cleanly into 15, leaving 5.
  - 3 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 4.
  - 4 does not go cleanly into 5. The next possible factor is 5.
- 5 does go cleanly into 5.
- We're left only with 1, so now, we're done.

Our successful divisors in that computation represent the list of prime
factors of 60: 2, 2, 3, and 5.

You can check this yourself:

- 2 * 2 * 3 * 5
- = 4 * 15
- = 60
- Success!

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name prime_factors.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Prime Factors Kata by Uncle Bob [http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata](http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.ThePrimeFactorsKata)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
