exercises/raindrops/README.md, before:

# Raindrops

Convert a number to a string, the contents of which depend on the number's factors.

- If the number has 3 as a factor, output 'Pling'.
- If the number has 5 as a factor, output 'Plang'.
- If the number has 7 as a factor, output 'Plong'.
- If the number does not have 3, 5, or 7 as a factor,
  just pass the number's digits straight through.

## Examples

- 28's factors are 1, 2, 4, **7**, 14, 28.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be a simple "Plong".
- 30's factors are 1, 2, **3**, **5**, 6, 10, 15, 30.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be a "PlingPlang".
- 34 has four factors: 1, 2, 17, and 34.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be "34".

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

A variation on a famous interview question intended to weed out potential candidates. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: move no stub information to first encounter exercise's README
Moved information about not having stubs available to two locations:
`raindrops` and `space-age`, either may be the first encounter of a no
stub exercise. The former on the core track the latter as a bonus
exercise. Also removed the no stub info from `twelve days`. Also added
a `hints.md` style notice for `space-age` and regenerated the READMEs
for `raindrops` and `space-age`.

Resolves #1049, see also #1048.

exercises/raindrops/README.md, after:

# Raindrops

Convert a number to a string, the contents of which depend on the number's factors.

- If the number has 3 as a factor, output 'Pling'.
- If the number has 5 as a factor, output 'Plang'.
- If the number has 7 as a factor, output 'Plong'.
- If the number does not have 3, 5, or 7 as a factor,
  just pass the number's digits straight through.

## Examples

- 28's factors are 1, 2, 4, **7**, 14, 28.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be a simple "Plong".
- 30's factors are 1, 2, **3**, **5**, 6, 10, 15, 30.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be a "PlingPlang".
- 34 has four factors: 1, 2, 17, and 34.
  - In raindrop-speak, this would be "34".

## No Stub

This may be the first Go track exercise you encounter without a stub: a
pre-existing `raindrops.go` file for your solution. You may not see stubs in
the future and should begin to get comfortable with creating your own Go files
for your solutions.

One way to figure out what the function signature(s) you would need is to look
at the corresponding \*\_test.go file. It will show you what the package level
functions(s) should be that the test will use to verify the solution.


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

A variation on a famous interview question intended to weed out potential candidates. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
