exercises/concept/lasagna/.docs/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

[Go](https://golang.org) is a statically typed, compiled programming language.
This exercise introduces three major language features: Packages, Functions, and Variables.

## Packages

Go applications are organized in packages.
A package is a collection of source files located in the same directory.
All source files in a directory must share the same package name.

```go
package lasagna
```

## Variables

Go is statically-typed, which means all variables [must have a defined type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system) at compile-time.

Variables can be defined by explicitly specifying a type:

```go
var explicit int // Explicitly typed
```

You can also use an initializer, and the compiler will assign the variable type to match the type of the initializer.

```go
implicit := 10   // Implicitly typed as an int
```

Once declared, variables can be assigned values using the `=` operator.
Once declared, a variable's type can never change.

```go
count := 1 // Assign initial value
count = 2  // Update to new value

count = false // This throws a compiler error due to assigning a non `int` type
```

## Constants

Constants hold a piece of data just like variables, but their value cannot change during the execution of the program.

Constants are defined using the `const` keyword and can be numbers, characters, strings or booleans:

```go
const Age = 21 // Defines a numeric constant 'Age' with the value of 21
```

## Functions

Go functions accept zero or more parameters.
Parameters must be explicitly typed, there is no type inference.

Values are returned from functions using the `return` keyword.

A function is invoked by specifying the function name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters.
When a package is imported, only functions starting with a capital letter can
be used / accessed.

Note that Go supports two types of comments.
Single line comments are preceded by `//` and multiline comments are inserted between `/*` and `*/`.

```go
package greeting

// Hello is a public function
func Hello (name string) string {
    return hi(name)
}

// hi is a private function
func hi (name string) string {
    return "hi " + name
}
```

Commit message:

Clarify that all entities can be accessed in packages if capitalised
Addresses point #2 from #1745

exercises/concept/lasagna/.docs/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

[Go](https://golang.org) is a statically typed, compiled programming language.
This exercise introduces three major language features: Packages, Functions, and Variables.

## Packages

Go applications are organized in packages.
A package is a collection of source files located in the same directory.
All source files in a directory must share the same package name.
When a package is imported, only entities (functions, types, variables, constants) who's name starts with a capital letter can be used / accessed.

```go
package lasagna
```

## Variables

Go is statically-typed, which means all variables [must have a defined type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_system) at compile-time.

Variables can be defined by explicitly specifying a type:

```go
var explicit int // Explicitly typed
```

You can also use an initializer, and the compiler will assign the variable type to match the type of the initializer.

```go
implicit := 10   // Implicitly typed as an int
```

Once declared, variables can be assigned values using the `=` operator.
Once declared, a variable's type can never change.

```go
count := 1 // Assign initial value
count = 2  // Update to new value

count = false // This throws a compiler error due to assigning a non `int` type
```

## Constants

Constants hold a piece of data just like variables, but their value cannot change during the execution of the program.

Constants are defined using the `const` keyword and can be numbers, characters, strings or booleans:

```go
const Age = 21 // Defines a numeric constant 'Age' with the value of 21
```

## Functions

Go functions accept zero or more parameters.
Parameters must be explicitly typed, there is no type inference.

Values are returned from functions using the `return` keyword.

A function is invoked by specifying the function name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters.

Note that Go supports two types of comments.
Single line comments are preceded by `//` and multiline comments are inserted between `/*` and `*/`.

```go
package greeting

// Hello is a public function
func Hello (name string) string {
    return hi(name)
}

// hi is a private function
func hi (name string) string {
    return "hi " + name
}
```
