exercises/pangram/README.md, before:

# Pangram

Determine if a sentence is a pangram. A pangram (Greek: παν γράμμα, pan gramma,
"every letter") is a sentence using every letter of the alphabet at least once.
The best known English pangram is: 
> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

The alphabet used consists of ASCII letters `a` to `z`, inclusive, and is case
insensitive. Input will not contain non-ASCII symbols.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

pangram: clarify language in README
Made README clearer in regards to allowed inputs for pangram / allowed
inputs for interface.

Added the term 'rune' into the problem context.

Resolves #801

exercises/pangram/README.md, after:

# Pangram

Determine if a sentence is a pangram. A pangram (Greek: παν γράμμα, pan gramma,
"every letter") is a sentence using every letter of the alphabet at least once.
The best known English pangram is: 
> The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

The alphabet used to determine pangram status consists of the ASCII letters `a`
to `z`, inclusive, and is case insensitive. Input may contain runes not in this
set.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangram)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
