exercises/gigasecond/README.md, before:

# Gigasecond

Calculate the moment when someone has lived for 10^9 seconds.

A gigasecond is 10^9 (1,000,000,000) seconds.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Chapter 9 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/gigasecond/README.md, after:

# Gigasecond

Given a moment, determine the moment that would be after a gigasecond
has passed.

A gigasecond is 10^9 (1,000,000,000) seconds.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name gigasecond.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Chapter 9 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=09)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
