exercises/grade-school/README.md, before:

# Grade School

Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster
for the school.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/grade-school/README.md, after:

# Grade School

Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster
for the school.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)

## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name grade_school.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [http://gschool.it](http://gschool.it)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
