exercises/binary-search-tree/README.md, before:

# Binary Search Tree

Insert and search for numbers in a binary tree.

When we need to represent sorted data, an array does not make a good
data structure.

Say we have the array `[1, 3, 4, 5]`, and we add 2 to it so it becomes
`[1, 3, 4, 5, 2]` now we must sort the entire array again! We can
improve on this by realizing that we only need to make space for the new
item `[1, nil, 3, 4, 5]`, and then adding the item in the space we
added. But this still requires us to shift many elements down by one.

Binary Search Trees, however, can operate on sorted data much more
efficiently.

A binary search tree consists of a series of connected nodes. Each node
contains a piece of data (e.g. the number 3), a variable named `left`,
and a variable named `right`. The `left` and `right` variables point at
`nil`, or other nodes. Since these other nodes in turn have other nodes
beneath them, we say that the left and right variables are pointing at
subtrees. All data in the left subtree is less than or equal to the
current node's data, and all data in the right subtree is greater than
the current node's data.

For example, if we had a node containing the data 4, and we added the
data 2, our tree would look like this:

      4
     /
    2

If we then added 6, it would look like this:

      4
     / \
    2   6

If we then added 3, it would look like this

       4
     /   \
    2     6
     \
      3

And if we then added 1, 5, and 7, it would look like this

          4
        /   \
       /     \
      2       6
     / \     / \
    1   3   5   7

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Josh Cheek [https://twitter.com/josh_cheek](https://twitter.com/josh_cheek)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Added stub file containing required functions and types along with descriptions to pass binary-search-tree

exercises/binary-search-tree/README.md, after:

# Binary Search Tree

Insert and search for numbers in a binary tree.

When we need to represent sorted data, an array does not make a good
data structure.

Say we have the array `[1, 3, 4, 5]`, and we add 2 to it so it becomes
`[1, 3, 4, 5, 2]` now we must sort the entire array again! We can
improve on this by realizing that we only need to make space for the new
item `[1, nil, 3, 4, 5]`, and then adding the item in the space we
added. But this still requires us to shift many elements down by one.

Binary Search Trees, however, can operate on sorted data much more
efficiently.

A binary search tree consists of a series of connected nodes. Each node
contains a piece of data (e.g. the number 3), a variable named `left`,
and a variable named `right`. The `left` and `right` variables point at
`nil`, or other nodes. Since these other nodes in turn have other nodes
beneath them, we say that the left and right variables are pointing at
subtrees. All data in the left subtree is less than or equal to the
current node's data, and all data in the right subtree is greater than
the current node's data.

For example, if we had a node containing the data 4, and we added the
data 2, our tree would look like this:

      4
     /
    2

If we then added 6, it would look like this:

      4
     / \
    2   6

If we then added 3, it would look like this

       4
     /   \
    2     6
     \
      3

And if we then added 1, 5, and 7, it would look like this

          4
        /   \
       /     \
      2       6
     / \     / \
    1   3   5   7

## Implementation

There is a stub file named `binary_search_tree.go` that contains an explanation of the 
functions and data types necessary to pass the test suite.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Josh Cheek [https://twitter.com/josh_cheek](https://twitter.com/josh_cheek)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
