exercises/luhn/README.md, before:

# Luhn

Given a number determine whether or not it is valid per the Luhn formula.

The [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm) is
a simple checksum formula used to validate a variety of identification
numbers, such as credit card numbers and Canadian Social Insurance
Numbers.

The task is to check if a given string is valid.

Validating a Number
------

Strings of length 1 or less are not valid. Spaces are allowed in the input,
but they should be stripped before checking. All other non-digit characters
are disallowed.

## Example 1: valid credit card number

```text
4539 1488 0343 6467
```

The first step of the Luhn algorithm is to double every second digit,
starting from the right. We will be doubling

```text
4_3_ 1_8_ 0_4_ 6_6_
```

If doubling the number results in a number greater than 9 then subtract 9
from the product. The results of our doubling:

```text
8569 2478 0383 3437
```

Then sum all of the digits:

```text
8+5+6+9+2+4+7+8+0+3+8+3+3+4+3+7 = 80
```

If the sum is evenly divisible by 10, then the number is valid. This number is valid!

## Example 2: invalid credit card number

```text
8273 1232 7352 0569
```

Double the second digits, starting from the right

```text
7253 2262 5312 0539
```

Sum the digits

```text
7+2+5+3+2+2+6+2+5+3+1+2+0+5+3+9 = 57
```

57 is not evenly divisible by 10, so this number is not valid.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Luhn Algorithm on Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/luhn/README.md, after:

# Luhn

Given a number determine whether or not it is valid per the Luhn formula.

The [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm) is
a simple checksum formula used to validate a variety of identification
numbers, such as credit card numbers and Canadian Social Insurance
Numbers.

The task is to check if a given string is valid.

Validating a Number
------

Strings of length 1 or less are not valid. Spaces are allowed in the input,
but they should be stripped before checking. All other non-digit characters
are disallowed.

## Example 1: valid credit card number

```text
4539 1488 0343 6467
```

The first step of the Luhn algorithm is to double every second digit,
starting from the right. We will be doubling

```text
4_3_ 1_8_ 0_4_ 6_6_
```

If doubling the number results in a number greater than 9 then subtract 9
from the product. The results of our doubling:

```text
8569 2478 0383 3437
```

Then sum all of the digits:

```text
8+5+6+9+2+4+7+8+0+3+8+3+3+4+3+7 = 80
```

If the sum is evenly divisible by 10, then the number is valid. This number is valid!

## Example 2: invalid credit card number

```text
8273 1232 7352 0569
```

Double the second digits, starting from the right

```text
7253 2262 5312 0539
```

Sum the digits

```text
7+2+5+3+2+2+6+2+5+3+1+2+0+5+3+9 = 57
```

57 is not evenly divisible by 10, so this number is not valid.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name luhn.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Luhn Algorithm on Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
