exercises/nucleotide-count/README.md, before:

# Nucleotide Count

Given a single stranded DNA string, compute how many times each nucleotide occurs in the string.

The genetic language of every living thing on the planet is DNA.
DNA is a large molecule that is built from an extremely long sequence of individual elements called nucleotides.
4 types exist in DNA and these differ only slightly and can be represented as the following symbols: 'A' for adenine, 'C' for cytosine, 'G' for guanine, and 'T' thymine.

Here is an analogy:
- twigs are to birds nests as
- nucleotides are to DNA as
- legos are to lego houses as
- words are to sentences as...

## Implementation

You should define a custom type 'DNA' with a function 'Counts' that outputs two values: 

- a frequency count for the given DNA strand
- an error (if there are invalid nucleotides)

Which is a good type for a DNA strand ? 

Which is the best Go types to represent the output values ?

Take a look at the test cases to get a hint about what could be the possible inputs.


## note about the tests
You may be wondering about the `cases_test.go` file. We explain it in the
[leap exercise][leap-exercise-readme].

[leap-exercise-readme]: https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/master/exercises/leap/README.md



## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Calculating DNA Nucleotides_problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/nucleotide-count/README.md, after:

# Nucleotide Count

Given a single stranded DNA string, compute how many times each nucleotide occurs in the string.

The genetic language of every living thing on the planet is DNA.
DNA is a large molecule that is built from an extremely long sequence of individual elements called nucleotides.
4 types exist in DNA and these differ only slightly and can be represented as the following symbols: 'A' for adenine, 'C' for cytosine, 'G' for guanine, and 'T' thymine.

Here is an analogy:
- twigs are to birds nests as
- nucleotides are to DNA as
- legos are to lego houses as
- words are to sentences as...

## Implementation

You should define a custom type 'DNA' with a function 'Counts' that outputs two values: 

- a frequency count for the given DNA strand
- an error (if there are invalid nucleotides)

Which is a good type for a DNA strand ? 

Which is the best Go types to represent the output values ?

Take a look at the test cases to get a hint about what could be the possible inputs.


## note about the tests
You may be wondering about the `cases_test.go` file. We explain it in the
[leap exercise][leap-exercise-readme].

[leap-exercise-readme]: https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/master/exercises/leap/README.md



## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name nucleotide_count.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Calculating DNA Nucleotides_problem at Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/](http://rosalind.info/problems/dna/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
