exercises/pig-latin/README.md, before:

# Pig Latin

Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin.

Pig Latin is a made-up children's language that's intended to be
confusing. It obeys a few simple rules (below), but when it's spoken
quickly it's really difficult for non-children (and non-native speakers)
to understand.

- **Rule 1**: If a word begins with a vowel sound, add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Please note that "xr" and "yt" at the beginning of a word make vowel sounds (e.g. "xray" -> "xrayay", "yttria" -> "yttriaay").
- **Rule 2**: If a word begins with a consonant sound, move it to the end of the word and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Consonant sounds can be made up of multiple consonants, a.k.a. a consonant cluster (e.g. "chair" -> "airchay").
- **Rule 3**: If a word starts with a consonant sound followed by "qu", move it to the end of the word, and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word (e.g. "square" -> "aresquay").
- **Rule 4**: If a word contains a "y" after a consonant cluster or as the second letter in a two letter word it makes a vowel sound (e.g. "rhythm" -> "ythmrhay", "my" -> "ymay").

There are a few more rules for edge cases, and there are regional
variants too.

See <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_latin> for more details.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Pig Latin exercise at Test First Teaching by Ultrasaurus [https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/](https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/pig-latin/README.md, after:

# Pig Latin

Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin.

Pig Latin is a made-up children's language that's intended to be
confusing. It obeys a few simple rules (below), but when it's spoken
quickly it's really difficult for non-children (and non-native speakers)
to understand.

- **Rule 1**: If a word begins with a vowel sound, add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Please note that "xr" and "yt" at the beginning of a word make vowel sounds (e.g. "xray" -> "xrayay", "yttria" -> "yttriaay").
- **Rule 2**: If a word begins with a consonant sound, move it to the end of the word and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word. Consonant sounds can be made up of multiple consonants, a.k.a. a consonant cluster (e.g. "chair" -> "airchay").
- **Rule 3**: If a word starts with a consonant sound followed by "qu", move it to the end of the word, and then add an "ay" sound to the end of the word (e.g. "square" -> "aresquay").
- **Rule 4**: If a word contains a "y" after a consonant cluster or as the second letter in a two letter word it makes a vowel sound (e.g. "rhythm" -> "ythmrhay", "my" -> "ymay").

There are a few more rules for edge cases, and there are regional
variants too.

See <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_latin> for more details.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name pig_latin.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Pig Latin exercise at Test First Teaching by Ultrasaurus [https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/](https://github.com/ultrasaurus/test-first-teaching/blob/master/learn_ruby/pig_latin/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
