exercises/concept/lasagna-master/.meta/design.md, before:

# Design

## Learning objectives

- How to define a function
- How to invoke a function
- How to pass parameters to a function
- How to receive returned values from a function

## Out of Scope

The following topics will be introduced later and should therefore not be part of this concept exercise.

- Public vs Private functions
- Pointers
- Variadic functions
- Methods
- Anonymous functions
- Recursion
- Closures
- Higher Order Functions

## Concepts

The Concept this exercise unlocks is:

- `functions`

## Prerequisites

- `strings` are needed in the exercise
- `numbers` are needed in the exercise
- `comparison` is needed in the exercise
- `conditionals-if` is needed in the exercise
- `slices` are needed in the exercise

## Notes

The story was inspired by the [Lasagna Master Exercise in the Javascipt track][javascript-lasagna-master].
Most tasks needed to be changed though to achieve an exercise that fits the Go learning objectives.

[javascript-lasagna-master]: https://github.com/exercism/javascript/blob/main/exercises/concept/lasagna-master/.docs/instructions.md

Commit message:

add missing prerequisite for loops

exercises/concept/lasagna-master/.meta/design.md, after:

# Design

## Learning objectives

- How to define a function
- How to invoke a function
- How to pass parameters to a function
- How to receive returned values from a function

## Out of Scope

The following topics will be introduced later and should therefore not be part of this concept exercise.

- Public vs Private functions
- Pointers
- Variadic functions
- Methods
- Anonymous functions
- Recursion
- Closures
- Higher Order Functions

## Concepts

The Concept this exercise unlocks is:

- `functions`

## Prerequisites

The following concepts are needed to solve the exercise:

- `strings`
- `numbers`
- `comparison`
- `conditionals-if`
- `slices`
- `for-loops`

## Notes

The story was inspired by the [Lasagna Master Exercise in the Javascipt track][javascript-lasagna-master].
Most tasks needed to be changed though to achieve an exercise that fits the Go learning objectives.

[javascript-lasagna-master]: https://github.com/exercism/javascript/blob/main/exercises/concept/lasagna-master/.docs/instructions.md
