exercises/scrabble-score/README.md, before:

# Scrabble Score

Given a word, compute the scrabble score for that word.

## Letter Values

You'll need these:

```text
Letter                           Value
A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T       1
D, G                               2
B, C, M, P                         3
F, H, V, W, Y                      4
K                                  5
J, X                               8
Q, Z                               10
```

## Examples

"cabbage" should be scored as worth 14 points:

- 3 points for C
- 1 point for A, twice
- 3 points for B, twice
- 2 points for G
- 1 point for E

And to total:

- `3 + 2*1 + 2*3 + 2 + 1`
- = `3 + 2 + 6 + 3`
- = `5 + 9`
- = 14

## Extensions

- You can play a double or a triple letter.
- You can play a double or a triple word.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the Extreme Startup game [https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/scrabble-score/README.md, after:

# Scrabble Score

Given a word, compute the Scrabble score for that word.

## Letter Values

You'll need these:

```text
Letter                           Value
A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T       1
D, G                               2
B, C, M, P                         3
F, H, V, W, Y                      4
K                                  5
J, X                               8
Q, Z                               10
```

## Examples

"cabbage" should be scored as worth 14 points:

- 3 points for C
- 1 point for A, twice
- 3 points for B, twice
- 2 points for G
- 1 point for E

And to total:

- `3 + 2*1 + 2*3 + 2 + 1`
- = `3 + 2 + 6 + 3`
- = `5 + 9`
- = 14

## Extensions

- You can play a double or a triple letter.
- You can play a double or a triple word.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name scrabble_score.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the Extreme Startup game [https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
