exercises/difference-of-squares/README.md, before:

# Difference Of Squares

Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is
(1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025.

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is
1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385.

Hence the difference between the square of the sum of the first
ten natural numbers and the sum of the squares of the first ten
natural numbers is 3025 - 385 = 2640.

You are not expected to discover an efficient solution to this yourself from
first principles; research is allowed, indeed, encouraged. Finding the best
algorithm for the problem is a key skill in software engineering.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Problem 6 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=6](http://projecteuler.net/problem=6)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/difference-of-squares/README.md, after:

# Difference Of Squares

Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is
(1 + 2 + ... + 10)² = 55² = 3025.

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is
1² + 2² + ... + 10² = 385.

Hence the difference between the square of the sum of the first
ten natural numbers and the sum of the squares of the first ten
natural numbers is 3025 - 385 = 2640.

You are not expected to discover an efficient solution to this yourself from
first principles; research is allowed, indeed, encouraged. Finding the best
algorithm for the problem is a key skill in software engineering.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name difference_of_squares.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Problem 6 at Project Euler [http://projecteuler.net/problem=6](http://projecteuler.net/problem=6)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
