exercises/concept/zero-zilch-nada/.docs/instructions.md, before:

# Instructions

In this exercise, we will write some simple functions that return zero values for various Go types. Some types
you might not have seen before. They will be introduced in detail in later exercises.

## 1. Return an empty bool

Adjust the `EmptyBool` function to return an empty bool.

## 2. Return an empty int

Adjust the `EmptyInt` function to return an empty int.

## 3. Return an empty string

Adjust the `EmptyString` function to return an empty string.

## 4. Return an empty func

Adjust the `EmptyFunc` function to return an empty func.

## 5. Return an empty pointer

Adjust the `EmptyPointer` function to return an empty pointer.

## 6. Return an empty map

Adjust the `EmptyMap` function to return an empty map.

## 7. Return an empty slice

Adjust the `EmptySlice` function to return an empty slice.

## 8. Return an empty channel

Adjust the `EmptyChannel` function to return an empty channel.

## 9. Return an empty interface

Adjust the `EmptyInterface` function to return an empty interface.

Commit message:

zero_zilch_nada: remove ambiguous reference to empty
In Go, there can be a difference between a type's zero value and its
empty value. For example, consider the following code snippet:

```go
func main() {
	var s1 []string
	fmt.Printf("%#v\n", s1)
	if s1 == nil {
		fmt.Println("s1 is equal to nil")
	}

	s2 := []string{}
	fmt.Printf("%#v\n", s2)
	if s2 == nil {
		fmt.Println("s2 is equal to nil")
	}
}
```

The variable `s1` will be set to its zero value (`nil`) whereas the
variable `s2` will be set to a slice of strings with zero elements. This
behavior makes the term "empty" ambiguous and may confuse students as they
continue learning about Go.

In addition to code updates, the exercise text was updated to introduce
the `var` keyword as well as various verbiage updates.

exercises/concept/zero-zilch-nada/.docs/instructions.md, after:

# Instructions

In this exercise, we will write some functions that return the zero value for
Go's types. You may not have seen some of the types yet. They will be
introduced in detail in later exercises.

## 1. Return a bool set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroBool` function to return the zero value for a bool.

## 2. Return an int set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroInt` function to return the zero value for an int.

## 3. Return a string set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroString` function to return the zero value for a string.

## 4. Return a func set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroFunc` function to return the zero value for a func.

## 5. Return a pointer set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroPointer` function to return the zero value for a pointer.

## 6. Return a map set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroMap` function to return the zero value for a map.

## 7. Return a slice set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroSlice` function to return the zero value for a slice.

## 8. Return a channel set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroChannel` function to return the zero value for a channel.

## 9. Return an interface set to its zero value

Adjust the `ZeroInterface` function to return the zero value for an interface.
