exercises/circular-buffer/README.md, before:

# Circular Buffer

A circular buffer, cyclic buffer or ring buffer is a data structure that
uses a single, fixed-size buffer as if it were connected end-to-end.

A circular buffer first starts empty and of some predefined length. For
example, this is a 7-element buffer:

    [ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][ ]

Assume that a 1 is written into the middle of the buffer (exact starting
location does not matter in a circular buffer):

    [ ][ ][ ][1][ ][ ][ ]

Then assume that two more elements are added — 2 & 3 — which get
appended after the 1:

    [ ][ ][ ][1][2][3][ ]

If two elements are then removed from the buffer, the oldest values
inside the buffer are removed. The two elements removed, in this case,
are 1 & 2, leaving the buffer with just a 3:

    [ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][3][ ]

If the buffer has 7 elements then it is completely full:

    [6][7][8][9][3][4][5]

When the buffer is full an error will be raised, alerting the client
that further writes are blocked until a slot becomes free.

The client can opt to overwrite the oldest data with a forced write. In
this case, two more elements — A & B — are added and they overwrite the
3 & 4:

    [6][7][8][9][A][B][5]

Finally, if two elements are now removed then what would be returned is
not 3 & 4 but 5 & 6 because A & B overwrote the 3 & the 4 yielding the
buffer with:

    [ ][7][8][9][A][B][ ]

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_buffer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_buffer)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Regenerate exercise READMEs to pick up tweaks to problem description
The upstream problem specifications have been updated with various
formatting changes, whitespace changes, and clarifications to the description.

This pulls in all the recent changes.

exercises/circular-buffer/README.md, after:

# Circular Buffer

A circular buffer, cyclic buffer or ring buffer is a data structure that
uses a single, fixed-size buffer as if it were connected end-to-end.

A circular buffer first starts empty and of some predefined length. For
example, this is a 7-element buffer:

    [ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][ ]

Assume that a 1 is written into the middle of the buffer (exact starting
location does not matter in a circular buffer):

    [ ][ ][ ][1][ ][ ][ ]

Then assume that two more elements are added — 2 & 3 — which get
appended after the 1:

    [ ][ ][ ][1][2][3][ ]

If two elements are then removed from the buffer, the oldest values
inside the buffer are removed. The two elements removed, in this case,
are 1 & 2, leaving the buffer with just a 3:

    [ ][ ][ ][ ][ ][3][ ]

If the buffer has 7 elements then it is completely full:

    [6][7][8][9][3][4][5]

When the buffer is full an error will be raised, alerting the client
that further writes are blocked until a slot becomes free.

When the buffer is full, the client can opt to overwrite the oldest
data with a forced write. In this case, two more elements — A & B —
are added and they overwrite the 3 & 4:

    [6][7][8][9][A][B][5]

3 & 4 have been replaced by A & B making 5 now the oldest data in the
buffer. Finally, if two elements are removed then what would be
returned is 5 & 6 yielding the buffer:

    [ ][7][8][9][A][B][ ]

Because there is space available, if the client again uses overwrite
to store C & D then the space where 5 & 6 were stored previously will
be used not the location of 7 & 8. 7 is still the oldest element and
the buffer is once again full.

    [D][7][8][9][A][B][C]

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_buffer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_buffer)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
