exercises/two-fer/README.md, before:

# Two Fer

`Two-fer` or `2-fer` is short for two for one. One for you and one for me.

```text
"One for X, one for me."
```

When X is a name or "you".

If the given name is "Alice", the result should be "One for Alice, one for me."
If no name is given, the result should be "One for you, one for me."


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-fer)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/two-fer/README.md, after:

# Two Fer

`Two-fer` or `2-fer` is short for two for one. One for you and one for me.

Given a name, return a string with the message:

```text
One for X, one for me.
```

Where X is the given name.

However, if the name is missing, return the string:

```text
One for you, one for me.
```

Here are some examples:

|Name    |String to return 
|:-------|:------------------
|Alice   |One for Alice, one for me. 
|Bob     |One for Bob, one for me.
|        |One for you, one for me.
|Zaphod  |One for Zaphod, one for me.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name two_fer.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

[https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/757](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/issues/757)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
