# How to implement a Go concept exercise

This document describes how to implement a concept exercise for the Go track.

**Please please please read the docs before starting.** Posting PRs without reading these docs will be a lot more frustrating for you during the review cycle, and exhaust Exercism's maintainers' time. So, before diving into the implementation, please read the following documents:

- [The features of v3][docs-features-of-v3].
- [Rationale for v3][docs-rationale-for-v3].
- [What are concept exercise and how they are structured?][docs-concept-exercises]

Please also watch the following video:

- [The Anatomy of a Concept Exercise][anatomy-of-a-concept-exercise].

As this document is exercise generic, the following placeholders are used:

- `<SLUG>`: the slug of the exercise in kebab-case (e.g. `calculator-conundrum`).
- `<NAME>`: the name of the exercise in snake_case (e.g. `calculator_conundrum`).
- `<CONCEPT_SLUG>`: the slug of one of the exercise's concepts in kebab-case (e.g. `anonymous-methods`).

Before implementing the exercise, please make sure you have a good understanding of what the exercise should be teaching (and what not). This information can be found in the exercise's GitHub issue. Having done this, please read the [Go concept exercises introduction][concept-exercises].

To implement a concept exercise, the following files must be added:

<pre>
languages
└── go
    ├── concepts
    |   └── &lt;CONCEPT_SLUG&gt;
    |       ├── about.md
    |       └── links.json
    └── exercises
        └── concept
            └── &lt;SLUG&gt;
                ├── .docs
                |   ├── instructions.md
                |   ├── introduction.md
                |   ├── hints.md
                |   └── source.md (required if there are third-party sources)
                ├── .meta
                |   |── config.json
                |   |── design.md
                |   └── example.go
                ├── &lt;NAME&gt;.go
                └── &lt;NAME&gt;_test.go
</pre>

## Step 1: Add code files

The code files are track-specific and should be designed to help the student learn the exercise's concepts. The following Go code files must be added (not necessarily in this order):

- `<NAME>.go`. the stub implementation file, which is the starting point for students to work on the exercise.
- `<NAME>_test.go`: the test suite.
- `.meta/example.go`: an example implementation that passes all the tests.

## Step 2: Add documentation files

How to create the files common to all tracks is described in the [how to implement a concept exercise document][how-to-implement-a-concept-exercise].

## Step 3: Update list of implemented exercises

- Add the exercise to the [list of implemented exercises][implemented-exercises].

## Step 4: Add analyzer (optional)

Some exercises could benefit from having an exercise-specific [analyzer][analyzer]. If so, specify what analysis rules should be applied to this exercise and why.

_Skip this step if you're not sure what to do._

## Step 5: Add representation (optional)

Some exercises could benefit from having a custom representation as generated by the [Go representer][representer]. If so, specify what changes to the representation should be applied and why.

_Skip this step if you're not sure what to do._

## Inspiration

When implementing an exercise, it can be very useful to look at already implemented Go exercises like the [strings][concept-exercise-basic-strings] or [numbers][concept-exercise-numbers] exercises. You can also check the exercise's [general concepts documents][reference] to see if other languages have already implemented an exercise for that concept.

## Style Guide

To keep things roughly in sync on styling, here a little [style guide][style guide].

## Help

If you have any questions regarding implementing the exercise, please post them as comments in the exercise's GitHub issue.

[analyzer]: https://github.com/exercism/go-analyzer
[representer]: https://github.com/exercism/go-representer
[concept-exercises]: ../exercises/concept/README.md
[how-to-implement-a-concept-exercise]: ../../../docs/maintainers/generic-how-to-implement-a-concept-exercise.md
[docs-concept-exercises]: ../../../docs/concept-exercises.md
[docs-rationale-for-v3]: ../../../docs/rationale-for-v3.md
[docs-features-of-v3]: ../../../docs/features-of-v3.md
[anatomy-of-a-concept-exercise]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkbBqd7hPrA
[concept-exercise-basic-strings]: ../exercises/concept/strings-package
[concept-exercise-numbers]: ../exercises/concept/numbers
[reference]: ../../../reference
[style guide]: ../docs/style-guide.md
[implemented-exercises]: ../exercises/concept/README.md#implemented-exercises
