exercises/meetup/README.md, before:

# Meetup

Calculate the date of meetups.

Typically meetups happen on the same day of the week.  In this exercise, you
will take a description of a meetup date, and return the actual meetup date.

Examples of general descriptions are:

- The first Monday of January 2017
- The third Tuesday of January 2017
- The wednesteenth of January 2017
- The last Thursday of January 2017

The descriptors you are expected to parse are:
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, last, monteenth, tuesteenth, wednesteenth,
thursteenth, friteenth, saturteenth, sunteenth

Note that "monteenth", "tuesteenth", etc are all made up words. There was a
meetup whose members realized that there are exactly 7 numbered days in a month
that end in '-teenth'. Therefore, one is guaranteed that each day of the week
(Monday, Tuesday, ...) will have exactly one date that is named with '-teenth'
in every month.

Given examples of a meetup dates, each containing a month, day, year, and
descriptor calculate the date of the actual meetup.  For example, if given
"The first Monday of January 2017", the correct meetup date is 2017/1/2.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Jeremy Hinegardner mentioned a Boulder meetup that happens on the Wednesteenth of every month [https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime](https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/meetup/README.md, after:

# Meetup

Calculate the date of meetups.

Typically meetups happen on the same day of the week.  In this exercise, you
will take a description of a meetup date, and return the actual meetup date.

Examples of general descriptions are:

- The first Monday of January 2017
- The third Tuesday of January 2017
- The wednesteenth of January 2017
- The last Thursday of January 2017

The descriptors you are expected to parse are:
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, last, monteenth, tuesteenth, wednesteenth,
thursteenth, friteenth, saturteenth, sunteenth

Note that "monteenth", "tuesteenth", etc are all made up words. There was a
meetup whose members realized that there are exactly 7 numbered days in a month
that end in '-teenth'. Therefore, one is guaranteed that each day of the week
(Monday, Tuesday, ...) will have exactly one date that is named with '-teenth'
in every month.

Given examples of a meetup dates, each containing a month, day, year, and
descriptor calculate the date of the actual meetup.  For example, if given
"The first Monday of January 2017", the correct meetup date is 2017/1/2.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name meetup.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Jeremy Hinegardner mentioned a Boulder meetup that happens on the Wednesteenth of every month [https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime](https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
