exercises/forth/README.md, before:

# Forth

Implement an evaluator for a very simple subset of Forth.

[Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_%28programming_language%29)
is a stack-based programming language. Implement a very basic evaluator
for a small subset of Forth.

Your evaluator has to support the following words:

- `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` (integer arithmetic)
- `DUP`, `DROP`, `SWAP`, `OVER` (stack manipulation)

Your evaluator also has to support defining new words using the
customary syntax: `: word-name definition ;`.

To keep things simple the only data type you need to support is signed
integers of at least 16 bits size.

You should use the following rules for the syntax: a number is a
sequence of one or more (ASCII) digits, a word is a sequence of one or
more letters, digits, symbols or punctuation that is not a number.
(Forth probably uses slightly different rules, but this is close
enough.)

Words are case-insensitive.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/forth/README.md, after:

# Forth

Implement an evaluator for a very simple subset of Forth.

[Forth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forth_%28programming_language%29)
is a stack-based programming language. Implement a very basic evaluator
for a small subset of Forth.

Your evaluator has to support the following words:

- `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` (integer arithmetic)
- `DUP`, `DROP`, `SWAP`, `OVER` (stack manipulation)

Your evaluator also has to support defining new words using the
customary syntax: `: word-name definition ;`.

To keep things simple the only data type you need to support is signed
integers of at least 16 bits size.

You should use the following rules for the syntax: a number is a
sequence of one or more (ASCII) digits, a word is a sequence of one or
more letters, digits, symbols or punctuation that is not a number.
(Forth probably uses slightly different rules, but this is close
enough.)

Words are case-insensitive.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name forth.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
