exercises/triangle/README.md, before:

# Triangle

Determine if a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.

An _equilateral_ triangle has all three sides the same length.

An _isosceles_ triangle has at least two sides the same length. (It is sometimes
specified as having exactly two sides the same length, but for the purposes of
this exercise we'll say at least two.)

A _scalene_ triangle has all sides of different lengths.

## Note

For a shape to be a triangle at all, all sides have to be of length > 0, and
the sum of the lengths of any two sides must be greater than or equal to the
length of the third side. See [Triangle Inequality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triangle_inequality).

## Dig Deeper

The case where the sum of the lengths of two sides _equals_ that of the
third is known as a _degenerate_ triangle - it has zero area and looks like
a single line. Feel free to add your own code/tests to check for degenerate triangles.

## Constant Declarations

In this exercise you are asked to declare a series of constants used to identify
different types of triangles. Pick the data type you think works best for this
and get the tests passing.

Afterwards, it may be worth reading about Go's
predeclared identifier [iota](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Iota). There's an
excellent write up about it
[here](https://splice.com/blog/iota-elegant-constants-golang/).


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Ruby Koans triangle project, parts 1 & 2 [http://rubykoans.com](http://rubykoans.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/triangle/README.md, after:

# Triangle

Determine if a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.

An _equilateral_ triangle has all three sides the same length.

An _isosceles_ triangle has at least two sides the same length. (It is sometimes
specified as having exactly two sides the same length, but for the purposes of
this exercise we'll say at least two.)

A _scalene_ triangle has all sides of different lengths.

## Note

For a shape to be a triangle at all, all sides have to be of length > 0, and
the sum of the lengths of any two sides must be greater than or equal to the
length of the third side. See [Triangle Inequality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triangle_inequality).

## Dig Deeper

The case where the sum of the lengths of two sides _equals_ that of the
third is known as a _degenerate_ triangle - it has zero area and looks like
a single line. Feel free to add your own code/tests to check for degenerate triangles.

## Constant Declarations

In this exercise you are asked to declare a series of constants used to identify
different types of triangles. Pick the data type you think works best for this
and get the tests passing.

Afterwards, it may be worth reading about Go's
predeclared identifier [iota](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Iota). There's an
excellent write up about it
[here](https://splice.com/blog/iota-elegant-constants-golang/).


## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name triangle.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Ruby Koans triangle project, parts 1 & 2 [http://rubykoans.com](http://rubykoans.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
