exercises/paasio/README.md, before:

# Paasio

Report network IO statistics.

You are writing a [PaaS][], and you need a way to bill customers based
on network and filesystem usage.

Create a wrapper for network connections and files that can report IO
statistics. The wrapper must report:

- The total number of bytes read/written.
- The total number of read/write operations.

[PaaS]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platform_as_a_service

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Brian Matsuo [https://github.com/bmatsuo](https://github.com/bmatsuo)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/paasio/README.md, after:

# Paasio

Report network IO statistics.

You are writing a [PaaS][], and you need a way to bill customers based
on network and filesystem usage.

Create a wrapper for network connections and files that can report IO
statistics. The wrapper must report:

- The total number of bytes read/written.
- The total number of read/write operations.

[PaaS]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platform_as_a_service

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name paasio.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Brian Matsuo [https://github.com/bmatsuo](https://github.com/bmatsuo)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
