exercises/pov/README.md, before:

# POV

Reparent a graph on a selected node.

This exercise is all about re-orientating a graph to see things from a different
point of view. For example family trees are usually presented from the
ancestor's perspective:

```text
    +------0------+
    |      |      |
  +-1-+  +-2-+  +-3-+
  |   |  |   |  |   |
  4   5  6   7  8   9
```

But the same information can be presented from the perspective of any other node
in the graph, by pulling it up to the root and dragging its relationships along
with it. So the same graph from 6's perspective would look like:

```text
        6
        |
  +-----2-----+
  |           |
  7     +-----0-----+
        |           |
      +-1-+       +-3-+
      |   |       |   |
      4   5       8   9
```

This lets us more simply describe the paths between two nodes. So for example
the path from 6-9 (which in the first graph goes up to the root and then down to
a different leaf node) can be seen to follow the path 6-2-0-3-9

This exercise involves taking an input graph and re-orientating it from the point
of view of one of the nodes.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Adaptation of exercise from 4clojure [https://www.4clojure.com/](https://www.4clojure.com/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/pov/README.md, after:

# POV

Reparent a graph on a selected node.

This exercise is all about re-orientating a graph to see things from a different
point of view. For example family trees are usually presented from the
ancestor's perspective:

```text
    +------0------+
    |      |      |
  +-1-+  +-2-+  +-3-+
  |   |  |   |  |   |
  4   5  6   7  8   9
```

But the same information can be presented from the perspective of any other node
in the graph, by pulling it up to the root and dragging its relationships along
with it. So the same graph from 6's perspective would look like:

```text
        6
        |
  +-----2-----+
  |           |
  7     +-----0-----+
        |           |
      +-1-+       +-3-+
      |   |       |   |
      4   5       8   9
```

This lets us more simply describe the paths between two nodes. So for example
the path from 6-9 (which in the first graph goes up to the root and then down to
a different leaf node) can be seen to follow the path 6-2-0-3-9

This exercise involves taking an input graph and re-orientating it from the point
of view of one of the nodes.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name pov.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Adaptation of exercise from 4clojure [https://www.4clojure.com/](https://www.4clojure.com/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
