exercises/simple-linked-list/README.md, before:

# Simple Linked List

Write a simple linked list implementation that uses Elements and a List.

The linked list is a fundamental data structure in computer science,
often used in the implementation of other data structures. They're
pervasive in functional programming languages, such as Clojure, Erlang,
or Haskell, but far less common in imperative languages such as Ruby or
Python.

The simplest kind of linked list is a singly linked list. Each element in the
list contains data and a "next" field pointing to the next element in the list
of elements.

This variant of linked lists is often used to represent sequences or
push-down stacks (also called a LIFO stack; Last In, First Out).

As a first take, lets create a singly linked list to contain the range (1..10),
and provide functions to reverse a linked list and convert to and from arrays.

When implementing this in a language with built-in linked lists,
implement your own abstract data type.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by 'Data Structures and Algorithms with Object-Oriented Design Patterns in Ruby', singly linked-lists. [http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus8/html/page96.html#SECTION004300000000000000000](http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus8/html/page96.html#SECTION004300000000000000000)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/simple-linked-list/README.md, after:

# Simple Linked List

Write a simple linked list implementation that uses Elements and a List.

The linked list is a fundamental data structure in computer science,
often used in the implementation of other data structures. They're
pervasive in functional programming languages, such as Clojure, Erlang,
or Haskell, but far less common in imperative languages such as Ruby or
Python.

The simplest kind of linked list is a singly linked list. Each element in the
list contains data and a "next" field pointing to the next element in the list
of elements.

This variant of linked lists is often used to represent sequences or
push-down stacks (also called a LIFO stack; Last In, First Out).

As a first take, lets create a singly linked list to contain the range (1..10),
and provide functions to reverse a linked list and convert to and from arrays.

When implementing this in a language with built-in linked lists,
implement your own abstract data type.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name simple_linked_list.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by 'Data Structures and Algorithms with Object-Oriented Design Patterns in Ruby', singly linked-lists. [http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus8/html/page96.html#SECTION004300000000000000000](http://www.brpreiss.com/books/opus8/html/page96.html#SECTION004300000000000000000)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
