exercises/run-length-encoding/README.md, before:

# Run Length Encoding

Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

Run-length encoding (RLE) is a simple form of data compression, where runs
(consecutive data elements) are replaced by just one data value and count.

For example we can represent the original 53 characters with only 13.

```text
"WWWWWWWWWWWWBWWWWWWWWWWWWBBBWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWB"  ->  "12WB12W3B24WB"
```

RLE allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from
the compressed data, which makes it a lossless data compression.

```text
"AABCCCDEEEE"  ->  "2AB3CD4E"  ->  "AABCCCDEEEE"
```

For simplicity, you can assume that the unencoded string will only contain
the letters A through Z (either lower or upper case) and whitespace. This way
data to be encoded will never contain any numbers and numbers inside data to
be decoded always represent the count for the following character.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/run-length-encoding/README.md, after:

# Run Length Encoding

Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

Run-length encoding (RLE) is a simple form of data compression, where runs
(consecutive data elements) are replaced by just one data value and count.

For example we can represent the original 53 characters with only 13.

```text
"WWWWWWWWWWWWBWWWWWWWWWWWWBBBWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWB"  ->  "12WB12W3B24WB"
```

RLE allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from
the compressed data, which makes it a lossless data compression.

```text
"AABCCCDEEEE"  ->  "2AB3CD4E"  ->  "AABCCCDEEEE"
```

For simplicity, you can assume that the unencoded string will only contain
the letters A through Z (either lower or upper case) and whitespace. This way
data to be encoded will never contain any numbers and numbers inside data to
be decoded always represent the count for the following character.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name run_length_encoding.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run-length_encoding)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
