exercises/word-count/README.md, before:

# Word Count

Given a phrase, count the occurrences of each word in that phrase.

For example for the input `"olly olly in come free"`

```text
olly: 2
in: 1
come: 1
free: 1
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

This is a classic toy problem, but we were reminded of it by seeing it in the Go Tour.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/word-count/README.md, after:

# Word Count

Given a phrase, count the occurrences of each _word_ in that phrase.

For the purposes of this exercise you can expect that a _word_ will always be one of:

1. A _number_ composed of one or more ASCII digits (ie "0" or "1234") OR
2. A _simple word_ composed of one or more ASCII letters (ie "a" or "they") OR
3. A _contraction_ of two _simple words_ joined by a single apostrophe (ie "it's" or "they're")

When counting words you can assume the following rules:

1. The count is _case insensitive_ (ie "You", "you", and "YOU" are 3 uses of the same word)
2. The count is _unordered_; the tests will ignore how words and counts are ordered
3. Other than the apostrophe in a _contraction_ all forms of _punctuation_ are ignored
4. The words can be separated by _any_ form of whitespace (ie "\t", "\n", " ")

For example, for the phrase `"That's the password: 'PASSWORD 123'!", cried the Special Agent.\nSo I fled.` the count would be:

```text
that's: 1
the: 2
password: 2
123: 1
cried: 1
special: 1
agent: 1
so: 1
i: 1
fled: 1
```

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name word_count.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

This is a classic toy problem, but we were reminded of it by seeing it in the Go Tour.

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
