exercises/practice/hamming/.docs/instructions.md, before:

# Instructions

Calculate the Hamming Distance between two DNA strands.

Your body is made up of cells that contain DNA. Those cells regularly wear out and need replacing, which they achieve by dividing into daughter cells. In fact, the average human body experiences about 10 quadrillion cell divisions in a lifetime!

When cells divide, their DNA replicates too. Sometimes during this process mistakes happen and single pieces of DNA get encoded with the incorrect information. If we compare two strands of DNA and count the differences between them we can see how many mistakes occurred. This is known as the "Hamming Distance".

We read DNA using the letters C,A,G and T. Two strands might look like this:

    GAGCCTACTAACGGGAT
    CATCGTAATGACGGCCT
    ^ ^ ^  ^ ^    ^^

They have 7 differences, and therefore the Hamming Distance is 7.

The Hamming Distance is useful for lots of things in science, not just biology, so it's a nice phrase to be familiar with :)

# Implementation notes

The Hamming distance is only defined for sequences of equal length, so
an attempt to calculate it between sequences of different lengths should
not work. The general handling of this situation (e.g., raising an
exception vs returning a special value) may differ between languages.

Commit message:

Better suggestions for error handling

exercises/practice/hamming/.docs/instructions.md, after:

# Instructions

Calculate the Hamming Distance between two DNA strands.

Your body is made up of cells that contain DNA. Those cells regularly wear out and need replacing, which they achieve by dividing into daughter cells. In fact, the average human body experiences about 10 quadrillion cell divisions in a lifetime!

When cells divide, their DNA replicates too. Sometimes during this process mistakes happen and single pieces of DNA get encoded with the incorrect information. If we compare two strands of DNA and count the differences between them we can see how many mistakes occurred. This is known as the "Hamming Distance".

We read DNA using the letters C,A,G and T. Two strands might look like this:

    GAGCCTACTAACGGGAT
    CATCGTAATGACGGCCT
    ^ ^ ^  ^ ^    ^^

They have 7 differences, and therefore the Hamming Distance is 7.

The Hamming Distance is useful for lots of things in science, not just biology, so it's a nice phrase to be familiar with :)

# Implementation notes

The Hamming distance is only defined for sequences of equal length, so
an attempt to calculate it between sequences of different lengths should
not work, returning an error.

With this exercise, you are introduced to the use of
[multiple results](https://tour.golang.org/basics/6) feature and here there
is an example with [errors](https://tour.golang.org/methods/19):

    func Foo(a, b string) (string, error) {
        return "", errors.New("An error occured!")
    }
