exercises/bob/README.md, before:

# Bob

Bob is a lackadaisical teenager. In conversation, his responses are very limited.

Bob answers 'Sure.' if you ask him a question.

He answers 'Whoa, chill out!' if you yell at him.

He answers 'Calm down, I know what I'm doing!' if you yell a question at him.

He says 'Fine. Be that way!' if you address him without actually saying
anything.

He answers 'Whatever.' to anything else.

Bob's conversational partner is a purist when it comes to written communication and always follows normal rules regarding sentence punctuation in English.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the 'Deaf Grandma' exercise in Chris Pine's Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/bob/README.md, after:

# Bob

Bob is a lackadaisical teenager. In conversation, his responses are very limited.

Bob answers 'Sure.' if you ask him a question, such as "How are you?".

He answers 'Whoa, chill out!' if you YELL AT HIM (in all capitals).

He answers 'Calm down, I know what I'm doing!' if you yell a question at him.

He says 'Fine. Be that way!' if you address him without actually saying
anything.

He answers 'Whatever.' to anything else.

Bob's conversational partner is a purist when it comes to written communication and always follows normal rules regarding sentence punctuation in English.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name bob.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the 'Deaf Grandma' exercise in Chris Pine's Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
