concepts/structs/about.md, before:

# About
In Go, a `struct` is a sequence of named elements called _fields_, each field has a name and type. The name of a field must be unique within the struct.
Structs can be compared with _classes_ in the Object-Oriented Programming paradigm.

You create a new struct by using the `type` keyword and the **_built-in type_** `struct`, and explicitly define the name and type of the fields.
For example, to define a `Person` struct:

```go
type Person struct{
    name string
    age int
}
```

Once you have defined the `struct`, you need to create a new instance defining the fields using their field name
in any order:

```go
person := Person{
	name: "John",
	age: 22,
}
```

To read or modify instance fields, use the `.` notation:

```go
// Update the age
person.age = 23
fmt.Printf("name: %s age: %d\n", person.name, person.age)
// Output: name: John age: 23
```

Fields that don't have an initial value assigned, will have their zero value. For example:

```go
person:= Person{}
fmt.Printf("name: %s age: %d\n", person.name, person.age)
// Output: name: age: 0
```

You can create an instance of a `struct` without using the field names, as long as you define the fields _in order_:

```go
person := Person{
	"Mary",
	20,
}
```

However, this syntax is considered _brittle code_ (breaks when a field is added), especially when the new field
is of a different type:

```go
type Person struct {
	name string
	email string
	age int
}

person := Person{
    "Mary",
    20,
}
// The compiler will fail with a similar error:
// Output: cannot use 20 (type untyped int) as type string in field value
// Output: too few values in Person{...}
```

To dive deeper into this type, you can check these resources: [Go by example: Structs], [A Tour of Go] or [Structures in Go (structs)]

[go by example: structs]: https://gobyexample.com/structs
[structures in go (structs)]: https://medium.com/rungo/structures-in-go-76377cc106a2
[a tour of go]: https://tour.golang.org/moretypes/2

Commit message:

Add notes about field visibility in structs to both packages and the structs concept

concepts/structs/about.md, after:

# About
In Go, a `struct` is a sequence of named elements called _fields_, each field has a name and type. The name of a field must be unique within the struct.
Structs can be compared with _classes_ in the Object-Oriented Programming paradigm.

You create a new struct by using the `type` keyword and the **_built-in type_** `struct`, and explicitly define the name and type of the fields.
For example, to define a `Person` struct:

```go
type Person struct{
    name string
    age int
}
```

Once you have defined the `struct`, you need to create a new instance defining the fields using their field name
in any order:

```go
person := Person{
	name: "John",
	age: 22,
}
```

To read or modify instance fields, use the `.` notation:

```go
// Update the age
person.age = 23
fmt.Printf("name: %s age: %d\n", person.name, person.age)
// Output: name: John age: 23
```

Fields that don't have an initial value assigned, will have their zero value. For example:

```go
person:= Person{}
fmt.Printf("name: %s age: %d\n", person.name, person.age)
// Output: name: age: 0
```

You can create an instance of a `struct` without using the field names, as long as you define the fields _in order_:

```go
person := Person{
	"Mary",
	20,
}
```

However, this syntax is considered _brittle code_ (breaks when a field is added), especially when the new field
is of a different type:

```go
type Person struct {
	name string
	email string
	age int
}

person := Person{
    "Mary",
    20,
}
// The compiler will fail with a similar error:
// Output: cannot use 20 (type untyped int) as type string in field value
// Output: too few values in Person{...}
```

Field names in structs follow the Go convention - fields whose name starts with a lower case letter are only visible to code in the same package, whereas those whose name starts with an upper case letter are visible in other packages.

To dive deeper into this type, you can check these resources: [Go by example: Structs], [A Tour of Go] or [Structures in Go (structs)]

[go by example: structs]: https://gobyexample.com/structs
[structures in go (structs)]: https://medium.com/rungo/structures-in-go-76377cc106a2
[a tour of go]: https://tour.golang.org/moretypes/2
