exercises/concept/party-robot/.docs/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

A `string` in Go is an immutable sequence of bytes. Strings may contain arbitrary bytes but usually they contain human-readable text.
Text strings are conventionally interpreted as UTF-8 encoded sequence of Unicode code points (runes) which will be explained in a future exercise.
A `string` value can be written as a string literal, which is a sequence of bytes enclosed in double quotes:

```go
s := "Hello World!"
```

Go provides an in-built package called `fmt` (format package) which offers a variety of functions to manipulate the format of input and output. The most common used functions to print output are `Println` and `Printf`.
`Println` simply prints the input received on the console screen while `Printf` formats the input, using verbs like `%s` for strings, before printing it on the console.

In Go floating point values are conveniently printed with Printf's verbs: `%g` (compact representation), `%e` (exponent) or `%f` (non exponent). All three verbs allow the field's width and numeric position to be controlled.

```go
f := 4.3242
fmt.Printf("%.4", f)
// Output: 4.32
```

Commit message:

Update introduction to Strings in Go
Adds more examples. Explain `Sprintf` since it's required to pass the concept (unlike `Printf` and friends).

Also fixes a typo in an example while printing a floating point value.

exercises/concept/party-robot/.docs/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

A `string` in Go is an immutable sequence of bytes. Strings may contain arbitrary bytes but usually they contain human-readable text.
Text strings are conventionally interpreted as UTF-8 encoded sequence of Unicode code points (runes) which will be explained in a future exercise.
A `string` value can be written as a string literal, which is a sequence of bytes enclosed in double quotes:

```go
s := "Hello World!"
```

Go provides an in-built package called `fmt` (format package) which offers a variety of functions to manipulate the format of input and output. The most common used functions to print output are `Println` and `Printf`.
`Println` simply prints the input received on the console screen while `Printf` formats the input, using verbs like `%s` for strings, before printing it on the console.

```go
food := "taco"
fmt.Println(food)
// Output: taco
fmt.Printf("Bring me a %s", food)
// Output: Bring me a taco
```

In Go floating point values are conveniently printed with Printf's verbs: `%g` (compact representation), `%e` (exponent) or `%f` (non exponent). All three verbs allow the field's width and numeric position to be controlled.

```go
f := 4.3242
fmt.Printf("%.2f", f)
// Output: 4.32
```

`fmt` also provides more generic string formatting functions like `Sprintln` and `Sprintf` that allow for the same formatting, but return a string instead of printing it to the console.

```go
n := 12
s := fmt.Sprintf("%d laps", n)
fmt.Printf("Do %s!", s)
// Output: Do 12 laps!
```

For more details, see the [`fmt` package documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/fmt).
