exercises/diffie-hellman/README.md, before:

# Diffie Hellman

Diffie-Hellman key exchange.

Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman key exchange to share secrets.  They
start with prime numbers, pick private keys, generate and share public
keys, and then generate a shared secret key.

## Step 0

The test program supplies prime numbers p and g.

## Step 1

Alice picks a private key, a, greater than 1 and less than p.  Bob does
the same to pick a private key b.

## Step 2

Alice calculates a public key A.

    A = g**a mod p

Using the same p and g, Bob similarly calculates a public key B from his
private key b.

## Step 3

Alice and Bob exchange public keys.  Alice calculates secret key s.

    s = B**a mod p

Bob calculates

    s = A**b mod p

The calculations produce the same result!  Alice and Bob now share
secret s.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia, 1024 bit key from www.cryptopp.com/wiki. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/diffie-hellman/README.md, after:

# Diffie Hellman

Diffie-Hellman key exchange.

Alice and Bob use Diffie-Hellman key exchange to share secrets.  They
start with prime numbers, pick private keys, generate and share public
keys, and then generate a shared secret key.

## Step 0

The test program supplies prime numbers p and g.

## Step 1

Alice picks a private key, a, greater than 1 and less than p.  Bob does
the same to pick a private key b.

## Step 2

Alice calculates a public key A.

    A = g**a mod p

Using the same p and g, Bob similarly calculates a public key B from his
private key b.

## Step 3

Alice and Bob exchange public keys.  Alice calculates secret key s.

    s = B**a mod p

Bob calculates

    s = A**b mod p

The calculations produce the same result!  Alice and Bob now share
secret s.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name diffie_hellman.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia, 1024 bit key from www.cryptopp.com/wiki. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
