exercises/queen-attack/README.md, before:

# Queen Attack

Given the position of two queens on a chess board, indicate whether or not they
are positioned so that they can attack each other.

In the game of chess, a queen can attack pieces which are on the same
row, column, or diagonal.

A chessboard can be represented by an 8 by 8 array.

So if you're told the white queen is at (2, 3) and the black queen at
(5, 6), then you'd know you've got a set-up like so:

```text
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ W _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ B _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
```

You'd also be able to answer whether the queens can attack each other.
In this case, that answer would be yes, they can, because both pieces
share a diagonal.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

J Dalbey's Programming Practice problems [http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html](http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/queen-attack/README.md, after:

# Queen Attack

Given the position of two queens on a chess board, indicate whether or not they
are positioned so that they can attack each other.

In the game of chess, a queen can attack pieces which are on the same
row, column, or diagonal.

A chessboard can be represented by an 8 by 8 array.

So if you're told the white queen is at (2, 3) and the black queen at
(5, 6), then you'd know you've got a set-up like so:

```text
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ W _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ B _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
```

You'd also be able to answer whether the queens can attack each other.
In this case, that answer would be yes, they can, because both pieces
share a diagonal.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name queen_attack.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

J Dalbey's Programming Practice problems [http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html](http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
