exercises/secret-handshake/README.md, before:

# Secret Handshake

> There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand
> binary, and those who don't.

You and your fellow cohort of those in the "know" when it comes to
binary decide to come up with a secret "handshake".

```text
1 = wink
10 = double blink
100 = close your eyes
1000 = jump


10000 = Reverse the order of the operations in the secret handshake.
```

Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

Here's a couple of examples:

Given the input 3, the function would return the array
["wink", "double blink"] because 3 is 11 in binary.

Given the input 19, the function would return the array
["double blink", "wink"] because 19 is 10011 in binary.
Notice that the addition of 16 (10000 in binary)
has caused the array to be reversed.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Bert, in Mary Poppins [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/secret-handshake/README.md, after:

# Secret Handshake

> There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand
> binary, and those who don't.

You and your fellow cohort of those in the "know" when it comes to
binary decide to come up with a secret "handshake".

```text
1 = wink
10 = double blink
100 = close your eyes
1000 = jump


10000 = Reverse the order of the operations in the secret handshake.
```

Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

Here's a couple of examples:

Given the input 3, the function would return the array
["wink", "double blink"] because 3 is 11 in binary.

Given the input 19, the function would return the array
["double blink", "wink"] because 19 is 10011 in binary.
Notice that the addition of 16 (10000 in binary)
has caused the array to be reversed.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name secret_handshake.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Bert, in Mary Poppins [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/quotes/qt0437047)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
