exercises/poker/README.md, before:

# Poker

Pick the best hand(s) from a list of poker hands.

See [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_poker_hands) for an
overview of poker hands.

Your function will receive an array of strings. Each string represents
a hand composed of 5 cards separated by spaces. A card is represented
by a number and its suit.

You are to return an array containing either the best hand or, in case
of a tie, the best hands. Each hand should be a string in the same
format as given to you initially as input.


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the training course from Udacity. [https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs212/](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs212/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/poker/README.md, after:

# Poker

Pick the best hand(s) from a list of poker hands.

See [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_poker_hands) for an
overview of poker hands.

Your function will receive an array of strings. Each string represents
a hand composed of 5 cards separated by spaces. A card is represented
by a number and its suit.

You are to return an array containing either the best hand or, in case
of a tie, the best hands. Each hand should be a string in the same
format as given to you initially as input.


## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name poker.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by the training course from Udacity. [https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs212/](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs212/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
