exercises/strain/README.md, before:

# Strain

Implement the `keep` and `discard` operation on collections. Given a collection
and a predicate on the collection's elements, `keep` returns a new collection
containing those elements where the predicate is true, while `discard` returns
a new collection containing those elements where the predicate is false.

For example, given the collection of numbers:

- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

And the predicate:

- is the number even?

Then your keep operation should produce:

- 2, 4

While your discard operation should produce:

- 1, 3, 5

Note that the union of keep and discard is all the elements.

The functions may be called `keep` and `discard`, or they may need different
names in order to not clash with existing functions or concepts in your
language.

## Restrictions

Keep your hands off that filter/reject/whatchamacallit functionality
provided by your standard library!  Solve this one yourself using other
basic tools instead.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Conversation with James Edward Gray II [https://twitter.com/jeg2](https://twitter.com/jeg2)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/strain/README.md, after:

# Strain

Implement the `keep` and `discard` operation on collections. Given a collection
and a predicate on the collection's elements, `keep` returns a new collection
containing those elements where the predicate is true, while `discard` returns
a new collection containing those elements where the predicate is false.

For example, given the collection of numbers:

- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

And the predicate:

- is the number even?

Then your keep operation should produce:

- 2, 4

While your discard operation should produce:

- 1, 3, 5

Note that the union of keep and discard is all the elements.

The functions may be called `keep` and `discard`, or they may need different
names in order to not clash with existing functions or concepts in your
language.

## Restrictions

Keep your hands off that filter/reject/whatchamacallit functionality
provided by your standard library!  Solve this one yourself using other
basic tools instead.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name strain.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Conversation with James Edward Gray II [https://twitter.com/jeg2](https://twitter.com/jeg2)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
