exercises/transpose/README.md, before:

# Transpose

Given an input text output it transposed.

Roughly explained, the transpose of a matrix:

```text
ABC
DEF
```

is given by:

```text
AD
BE
CF
```

Rows become columns and columns become rows. See <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transpose>.

If the input has rows of different lengths, this is to be solved as follows:

- Pad to the left with spaces.
- Don't pad to the right.

Therefore, transposing this matrix:

```text
ABC
DE
```

results in:

```text
AD
BE
C
```

And transposing:

```text
AB
DEF
```

results in:

```text
AD
BE
 F
```

In general, all characters from the input should also be present in the transposed output.
That means that if a column in the input text contains only spaces on its bottom-most row(s),
the corresponding output row should contain the spaces in its right-most column(s).

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Reddit r/dailyprogrammer challenge #270 [Easy]. [https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/4msu2x/challenge_270_easy_transpose_the_input_text](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/4msu2x/challenge_270_easy_transpose_the_input_text)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/transpose/README.md, after:

# Transpose

Given an input text output it transposed.

Roughly explained, the transpose of a matrix:

```text
ABC
DEF
```

is given by:

```text
AD
BE
CF
```

Rows become columns and columns become rows. See <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transpose>.

If the input has rows of different lengths, this is to be solved as follows:

- Pad to the left with spaces.
- Don't pad to the right.

Therefore, transposing this matrix:

```text
ABC
DE
```

results in:

```text
AD
BE
C
```

And transposing:

```text
AB
DEF
```

results in:

```text
AD
BE
 F
```

In general, all characters from the input should also be present in the transposed output.
That means that if a column in the input text contains only spaces on its bottom-most row(s),
the corresponding output row should contain the spaces in its right-most column(s).

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name transpose.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Reddit r/dailyprogrammer challenge #270 [Easy]. [https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/4msu2x/challenge_270_easy_transpose_the_input_text](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/4msu2x/challenge_270_easy_transpose_the_input_text)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
