exercises/atbash-cipher/README.md, before:

# Atbash Cipher

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system created in the Middle East.

The Atbash cipher is a simple substitution cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet such that the resulting
alphabet is backwards. The first letter is replaced with the last
letter, the second with the second-last, and so on.

An Atbash cipher for the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
```

It is a very weak cipher because it only has one possible key, and it is
a simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher. However, this may not have
been an issue in the cipher's time.

Ciphertext is written out in groups of fixed length, the traditional group size
being 5 letters, and punctuation is excluded. This is to make it harder to guess
things based on word boundaries.

## Examples

- Encoding `test` gives `gvhg`
- Decoding `gvhg` gives `test`
- Decoding `gsvjf rxpyi ldmul cqfnk hlevi gsvoz abwlt` gives `thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog`

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/atbash-cipher/README.md, after:

# Atbash Cipher

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system created in the Middle East.

The Atbash cipher is a simple substitution cipher that relies on
transposing all the letters in the alphabet such that the resulting
alphabet is backwards. The first letter is replaced with the last
letter, the second with the second-last, and so on.

An Atbash cipher for the Latin alphabet would be as follows:

```text
Plain:  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Cipher: zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
```

It is a very weak cipher because it only has one possible key, and it is
a simple monoalphabetic substitution cipher. However, this may not have
been an issue in the cipher's time.

Ciphertext is written out in groups of fixed length, the traditional group size
being 5 letters, and punctuation is excluded. This is to make it harder to guess
things based on word boundaries.

## Examples

- Encoding `test` gives `gvhg`
- Decoding `gvhg` gives `test`
- Decoding `gsvjf rxpyi ldmul cqfnk hlevi gsvoz abwlt` gives `thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog`

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name atbash_cipher.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Wikipedia [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atbash)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
