exercises/darts/README.md, before:

# Darts

Write a function that returns the earned points in a single toss of a Darts game.

[Darts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darts) is a game where players
throw darts to a [target](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darts#/media/File:Darts_in_a_dartboard.jpg).

In our particular instance of the game, the target rewards with 4 different amounts of points, depending on where the dart lands:

* If the dart lands outside the target, player earns no points (0 points).
* If the dart lands in the outer circle of the target, player earns 1 point.
* If the dart lands in the middle circle of the target, player earns 5 points.
* If the dart lands in the inner circle of the target, player earns 10 points.

The outer circle has a radius of 10 units (This is equivalent to the total radius for the entire target), the middle circle a radius of 5 units, and the inner circle a radius of 1. Of course, they are all centered to the same point (That is, the circles are [concentric](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/ConcentricCircles.html)) defined by the coordinates (0, 0).

Write a function that given a point in the target (defined by its `real` cartesian coordinates `x` and `y`), returns the correct amount earned by a dart landing in that point.
## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by an exercise created by a professor Della Paolera in Argentina

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

darts: add Scoring Note in hints.md & README.md
Add Scoring Note to mention "inward scoring"
in hints.md and in the generated README.md
from the configlet run.

exercises/darts/README.md, after:

# Darts

Write a function that returns the earned points in a single toss of a Darts game.

[Darts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darts) is a game where players
throw darts to a [target](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darts#/media/File:Darts_in_a_dartboard.jpg).

In our particular instance of the game, the target rewards with 4 different amounts of points, depending on where the dart lands:

* If the dart lands outside the target, player earns no points (0 points).
* If the dart lands in the outer circle of the target, player earns 1 point.
* If the dart lands in the middle circle of the target, player earns 5 points.
* If the dart lands in the inner circle of the target, player earns 10 points.

The outer circle has a radius of 10 units (This is equivalent to the total radius for the entire target), the middle circle a radius of 5 units, and the inner circle a radius of 1. Of course, they are all centered to the same point (That is, the circles are [concentric](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/ConcentricCircles.html)) defined by the coordinates (0, 0).

Write a function that given a point in the target (defined by its `real` cartesian coordinates `x` and `y`), returns the correct amount earned by a dart landing in that point.

## Scoring Note

In scoring, consider a dart landing on the border of a circle to be "in the circle"
and receive the higher score, like "inward scoring" for a shooting contest.
A real dartboard avoids this issue by using lines made of wire; the dart cannot
land on a wire, but goes to one side or the other.


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Inspired by an exercise created by a professor Della Paolera in Argentina

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
