exercises/crypto-square/README.md, before:

# Crypto Square

Implement the classic method for composing secret messages called a square code.

Given an English text, output the encoded version of that text.

First, the input is normalized: the spaces and punctuation are removed
from the English text and the message is downcased.

Then, the normalized characters are broken into rows.  These rows can be
regarded as forming a rectangle when printed with intervening newlines.

For example, the sentence

> If man was meant to stay on the ground, god would have given us roots.

is normalized to:

> ifmanwasmeanttostayonthegroundgodwouldhavegivenusroots

The plaintext should be organized in to a rectangle.  The size of the
rectangle (`r x c`) should be decided by the length of the message,
such that `c >= r` and `c - r <= 1`, where `c` is the number of columns
and `r` is the number of rows.

Our normalized text is 54 characters long, dictating a rectangle with
`c = 8` and `r = 7`:

```text
ifmanwas
meanttos
tayonthe
groundgo
dwouldha
vegivenu
sroots
```

The coded message is obtained by reading down the columns going left to
right.

The message above is coded as:

```text
imtgdvsfearwermayoogoanouuiontnnlvtwttddesaohghnsseoau
```

Output the encoded text in chunks.  Phrases that fill perfect rectangles
`(r X c)` should be output `c` chunks of `r` length, separated by spaces.
Phrases that do not fill perfect rectangles will have `n` empty spaces.
Those spaces should be distributed evenly, added to the end of the last
`n` chunks.

```text
imtgdvs fearwer mayoogo anouuio ntnnlvt wttddes aohghn  sseoau 
```

Notice that were we to stack these, we could visually decode the
cyphertext back in to the original message:

```text
imtgdvs
fearwer
mayoogo
anouuio
ntnnlvt
wttddes
aohghn
sseoau
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

J Dalbey's Programming Practice problems [http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html](http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

README.md files: adding in benchmem to tests (#1120)
* adding in benchmem to tests
* adding extra changes from configlet run
* updating the instructions to reference benchmem

exercises/crypto-square/README.md, after:

# Crypto Square

Implement the classic method for composing secret messages called a square code.

Given an English text, output the encoded version of that text.

First, the input is normalized: the spaces and punctuation are removed
from the English text and the message is downcased.

Then, the normalized characters are broken into rows.  These rows can be
regarded as forming a rectangle when printed with intervening newlines.

For example, the sentence

```text
"If man was meant to stay on the ground, god would have given us roots."
```

is normalized to:

```text
"ifmanwasmeanttostayonthegroundgodwouldhavegivenusroots"
```

The plaintext should be organized in to a rectangle.  The size of the
rectangle (`r x c`) should be decided by the length of the message,
such that `c >= r` and `c - r <= 1`, where `c` is the number of columns
and `r` is the number of rows.

Our normalized text is 54 characters long, dictating a rectangle with
`c = 8` and `r = 7`:

```text
"ifmanwas"
"meanttos"
"tayonthe"
"groundgo"
"dwouldha"
"vegivenu"
"sroots  "
```

The coded message is obtained by reading down the columns going left to
right.

The message above is coded as:

```text
"imtgdvsfearwermayoogoanouuiontnnlvtwttddesaohghnsseoau"
```

Output the encoded text in chunks that fill perfect rectangles `(r X c)`,
with `c` chunks of `r` length, separated by spaces. For phrases that are
`n` characters short of the perfect rectangle, pad each of the last `n`
chunks with a single trailing space.

```text
"imtgdvs fearwer mayoogo anouuio ntnnlvt wttddes aohghn  sseoau "
```

Notice that were we to stack these, we could visually decode the
cyphertext back in to the original message:

```text
"imtgdvs"
"fearwer"
"mayoogo"
"anouuio"
"ntnnlvt"
"wttddes"
"aohghn "
"sseoau "
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

J Dalbey's Programming Practice problems [http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html](http://users.csc.calpoly.edu/~jdalbey/103/Projects/ProgrammingPractice.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
