concepts/functions/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

A function allows you to group code into a reusable unit.
It consists of the `func` keyword, the name of the function, and a comma-separated list of zero or more parameters and types in round brackets.
All parameters must be explicitly typed, there is no type inference for parameters.
There are no default values for parameters, all function parameters are required.

```go
import "fmt"

// No parameters
func PrintHello() {
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}

// One parameter
func PrintHelloName(name string) {
  fmt.Println("Hello " + name)
}
```

## Return Values

The function arguments are followed by zero or more return values which must also be explicitly typed.
Single return values are left bare, multiple return values are wrapped in parenthesis.
Values are returned to the calling code from functions using the `return` keyword.
There can be multiple `return` statements in a function.
The execution of the function ends as soon as it hits one of those `return`s.
If multiple values are to be returned from a function, they are comma seperated.

```go
func Hello(name string) string {
  return "Hello " + name
}

func HelloAndGoodbye(name string) (string, string) {
  return "Hello " + name, "Goodbye " + name
}
```

## Invoking Functions

Invoking a function is done by specifying the function name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters in parenthesis.

```go
import "fmt"

// No parameters, no return value
func PrintHello() {
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}
// Called like this:
PrintHello()

// One parameter, one return value
func Hello(name string) string {
  return "Hello " + name
}
// Called like this:
greeting := Hello("Dave")

// Multiple parameters, multiple return values
func SumAndMultiply(a, b int) (int, int) {
    return a+b, a*b
}
// Called like this:
aplusb, atimesb := SumAndMultiply(a, b)
```

## Named Return Values and Naked Return

As well as parameters, return values can optionally be named.
If named return values are used, a `return` statement without arguments will return those values, this is known as a 'naked' return.

```go
func SumAndMultiplyThenMinus(a, b, c int) (sum, mult int) {
    sum, mult = a+b, a*b
    sum -= c
    mult -= c
    return
}
```

Commit message:

Sync concepts/functions about.md and intro.md

concepts/functions/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

A function allows you to group code into a reusable unit.
It consists of the `func` keyword, the name of the function, and a comma-separated list of zero or more parameters and types in round brackets.
All parameters must be explicitly typed, there is no type inference for parameters.
There are no default values for parameters, all function parameters are required.

```go
import "fmt"

// No parameters
func PrintHello() {
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}

// One parameter
func PrintHelloName(name string) {
  fmt.Println("Hello " + name)
}
```

## Return Values

The function arguments are followed by zero or more return values which must also be explicitly typed.
Single return values are left bare, multiple return values are wrapped in parenthesis.
Values are returned to the calling code from functions using the [`return` keyword][return].
There can be multiple `return` statements in a function.
The execution of the function ends as soon as it hits one of those `return`s.
If multiple values are to be returned from a function, they are comma seperated.
More information about idiomatic use of [multiple return values][concept-multiple-return-values] can be found in the linked concept.

```go
func Hello(name string) string {
  return "Hello " + name
}

func HelloAndGoodbye(name string) (string, string) {
  return "Hello " + name, "Goodbye " + name
}
```

## Invoking Functions

Invoking a function is done by specifying the function name and passing arguments for each of the function's parameters in parenthesis.

```go
import "fmt"

// No parameters, no return value
func PrintHello() {
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}
// Called like this:
PrintHello()

// One parameter, one return value
func Hello(name string) string {
  return "Hello " + name
}
// Called like this:
greeting := Hello("Dave")

// Multiple parameters, multiple return values
func SumAndMultiply(a, b int) (int, int) {
    return a+b, a*b
}
// Called like this:
aplusb, atimesb := SumAndMultiply(a, b)
```

## Named Return Values and Naked Return

As well as parameters, return values can optionally be named.
If named return values are used, a `return` statement without arguments will return those values, this is known as a 'naked' return.

```go
func SumAndMultiplyThenMinus(a, b, c int) (sum, mult int) {
    sum, mult = a+b, a*b
    sum -= c
    mult -= c
    return
}
```

## Other types of functions

Functions in Go are considered [first class citizens][first-class-functions] making them very powerful.
There are a number of other concepts around functions like [concept:go/methods]() and anonymous functions which you will meet later in your journey.

[first-class-functinos]: https://golangbot.com/first-class-functions
[return]: https://golang.org/ref/spec#Return_statements
[concept-multiple-return-values]: /tracks/go/concepts/multiple-return-values
