exercises/word-search/README.md, before:

# Word Search

In word search puzzles you get a square of letters and have to find specific
words in them.

For example:

```text
jefblpepre
camdcimgtc
oivokprjsm
pbwasqroua
rixilelhrs
wolcqlirpc
screeaumgr
alxhpburyi
jalaycalmp
clojurermt
```

There are several programming languages hidden in the above square.

Words can be hidden in all kinds of directions: left-to-right, right-to-left,
vertical and diagonal.

Given a puzzle and a list of words return the location of the first and last
letter of each word.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/word-search/README.md, after:

# Word Search

In word search puzzles you get a square of letters and have to find specific
words in them.

For example:

```text
jefblpepre
camdcimgtc
oivokprjsm
pbwasqroua
rixilelhrs
wolcqlirpc
screeaumgr
alxhpburyi
jalaycalmp
clojurermt
```

There are several programming languages hidden in the above square.

Words can be hidden in all kinds of directions: left-to-right, right-to-left,
vertical and diagonal.

Given a puzzle and a list of words return the location of the first and last
letter of each word.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name word_search.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
