exercises/protein-translation/README.md, before:

# Protein Translation

Translate RNA sequences into proteins.

RNA can be broken into three nucleotide sequences called codons, and then translated to a polypeptide like so:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCU"` => translates to

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU"`
=> which become a polypeptide with the following sequence =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

There are 64 codons which in turn correspond to 20 amino acids; however, all of the codon sequences and resulting amino acids are not important in this exercise.  If it works for one codon, the program should work for all of them.
However, feel free to expand the list in the test suite to include them all.

There are also three terminating codons (also known as 'STOP' codons); if any of these codons are encountered (by the ribosome), all translation ends and the protein is terminated.

All subsequent codons after are ignored, like this:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCUUAAAUG"` =>

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU", "UAA", "AUG"` =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

Note the stop codon `"UAA"` terminates the translation and the final methionine is not translated into the protein sequence.

Below are the codons and resulting Amino Acids needed for the exercise.

Codon                 | Protein
:---                  | :---
AUG                   | Methionine
UUU, UUC              | Phenylalanine
UUA, UUG              | Leucine
UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG    | Serine
UAU, UAC              | Tyrosine
UGU, UGC              | Cysteine
UGG                   | Tryptophan
UAA, UAG, UGA         | STOP

Learn more about [protein translation on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_(biology))

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Tyler Long

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/protein-translation/README.md, after:

# Protein Translation

Translate RNA sequences into proteins.

RNA can be broken into three nucleotide sequences called codons, and then translated to a polypeptide like so:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCU"` => translates to

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU"`
=> which become a polypeptide with the following sequence =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

There are 64 codons which in turn correspond to 20 amino acids; however, all of the codon sequences and resulting amino acids are not important in this exercise.  If it works for one codon, the program should work for all of them.
However, feel free to expand the list in the test suite to include them all.

There are also three terminating codons (also known as 'STOP' codons); if any of these codons are encountered (by the ribosome), all translation ends and the protein is terminated.

All subsequent codons after are ignored, like this:

RNA: `"AUGUUUUCUUAAAUG"` =>

Codons: `"AUG", "UUU", "UCU", "UAA", "AUG"` =>

Protein: `"Methionine", "Phenylalanine", "Serine"`

Note the stop codon `"UAA"` terminates the translation and the final methionine is not translated into the protein sequence.

Below are the codons and resulting Amino Acids needed for the exercise.

Codon                 | Protein
:---                  | :---
AUG                   | Methionine
UUU, UUC              | Phenylalanine
UUA, UUG              | Leucine
UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG    | Serine
UAU, UAC              | Tyrosine
UGU, UGC              | Cysteine
UGG                   | Tryptophan
UAA, UAG, UGA         | STOP

Learn more about [protein translation on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_(biology))

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name protein_translation.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Tyler Long

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
