exercises/etl/README.md, before:

# ETL

We are going to do the `Transform` step of an Extract-Transform-Load.

### ETL

Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) is a fancy way of saying, "We have some crufty, legacy data over in this system, and now we need it in this shiny new system over here, so
we're going to migrate this."

(Typically, this is followed by, "We're only going to need to run this
once." That's then typically followed by much forehead slapping and
moaning about how stupid we could possibly be.)

### The goal

We're going to extract some scrabble scores from a legacy system.

The old system stored a list of letters per score:

- 1 point: "A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "L", "N", "R", "S", "T",
- 2 points: "D", "G",
- 3 points: "B", "C", "M", "P",
- 4 points: "F", "H", "V", "W", "Y",
- 5 points: "K",
- 8 points: "J", "X",
- 10 points: "Q", "Z",

The shiny new scrabble system instead stores the score per letter, which
makes it much faster and easier to calculate the score for a word. It
also stores the letters in lower-case regardless of the case of the
input letters:

- "a" is worth 1 point.
- "b" is worth 3 points.
- "c" is worth 3 points.
- "d" is worth 2 points.
- Etc.

Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to transform the legacy data
format to the shiny new format.

### Notes

A final note about scoring, Scrabble is played around the world in a
variety of languages, each with its own unique scoring table. For
example, an "E" is scored at 2 in the Māori-language version of the
game while being scored at 4 in the Hawaiian-language version.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Jumpstart Lab team [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/etl/README.md, after:

# ETL

We are going to do the `Transform` step of an Extract-Transform-Load.

### ETL

Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) is a fancy way of saying, "We have some crufty, legacy data over in this system, and now we need it in this shiny new system over here, so
we're going to migrate this."

(Typically, this is followed by, "We're only going to need to run this
once." That's then typically followed by much forehead slapping and
moaning about how stupid we could possibly be.)

### The goal

We're going to extract some Scrabble scores from a legacy system.

The old system stored a list of letters per score:

- 1 point: "A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "L", "N", "R", "S", "T",
- 2 points: "D", "G",
- 3 points: "B", "C", "M", "P",
- 4 points: "F", "H", "V", "W", "Y",
- 5 points: "K",
- 8 points: "J", "X",
- 10 points: "Q", "Z",

The shiny new Scrabble system instead stores the score per letter, which
makes it much faster and easier to calculate the score for a word. It
also stores the letters in lower-case regardless of the case of the
input letters:

- "a" is worth 1 point.
- "b" is worth 3 points.
- "c" is worth 3 points.
- "d" is worth 2 points.
- Etc.

Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to transform the legacy data
format to the shiny new format.

### Notes

A final note about scoring, Scrabble is played around the world in a
variety of languages, each with its own unique scoring table. For
example, an "E" is scored at 2 in the Māori-language version of the
game while being scored at 4 in the Hawaiian-language version.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name etl.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

The Jumpstart Lab team [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
