exercises/perfect-numbers/README.md, before:

# Perfect Numbers

Determine if a number is perfect, abundant, or deficient based on
Nicomachus' (60 - 120 CE) classification scheme for natural numbers.

The Greek mathematician [Nicomachus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicomachus) devised a classification scheme for natural numbers, identifying each as belonging uniquely to the categories of **perfect**, **abundant**, or **deficient** based on their [aliquot sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliquot_sum). The aliquot sum is defined as the sum of the factors of a number not including the number itself. For example, the aliquot sum of 15 is (1 + 3 + 5) = 9

- **Perfect**: aliquot sum = number 
  - 6 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 3) = 6
  - 28 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14) = 28
- **Abundant**: aliquot sum > number
  - 12 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6) = 16
  - 24 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6 + 8 + 12) = 36
- **Deficient**: aliquot sum < number
  - 8 is a deficient number because (1 + 2 + 4) = 7
  - Prime numbers are deficient
  
Implement a way to determine whether a given number is **perfect**. Depending on your language track, you may also need to implement a way to determine whether a given number is **abundant** or **deficient**.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Taken from Chapter 2 of Functional Thinking by Neal Ford. [http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

perfect-numbers: add hints.md (#953)
The README fo perfect-numbers is lacking in
specific instructions regarding the required elements
needed to be compliant with the test program.

Add a .meta/hints.md which more clearly states
the expected elements of the perfect-numbers exercise.

exercises/perfect-numbers/README.md, after:

# Perfect Numbers

Determine if a number is perfect, abundant, or deficient based on
Nicomachus' (60 - 120 CE) classification scheme for natural numbers.

The Greek mathematician [Nicomachus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicomachus) devised a classification scheme for natural numbers, identifying each as belonging uniquely to the categories of **perfect**, **abundant**, or **deficient** based on their [aliquot sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliquot_sum). The aliquot sum is defined as the sum of the factors of a number not including the number itself. For example, the aliquot sum of 15 is (1 + 3 + 5) = 9

- **Perfect**: aliquot sum = number
  - 6 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 3) = 6
  - 28 is a perfect number because (1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14) = 28
- **Abundant**: aliquot sum > number
  - 12 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6) = 16
  - 24 is an abundant number because (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 6 + 8 + 12) = 36
- **Deficient**: aliquot sum < number
  - 8 is a deficient number because (1 + 2 + 4) = 7
  - Prime numbers are deficient

Implement a way to determine whether a given number is **perfect**. Depending on your language track, you may also need to implement a way to determine whether a given number is **abundant** or **deficient**.

## Implementation

Define
```type Classification```
for containing the classification values for natural numbers.
You may choose any representation for this type.

Define three Classification constants named
```
	ClassificationDeficient
	ClassificationPerfect
	ClassificationAbundant
```

Implement a function named Classify which accepts
an int64 input and returns a Classification and an error value.

Create an error named ErrOnlyPositive
which is returned when the input is not a positive integer.


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

Taken from Chapter 2 of Functional Thinking by Neal Ford. [http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029687.do)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
