exercises/allergies/README.md, before:

# Allergies

Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies.

An allergy test produces a single numeric score which contains the
information about all the allergies the person has (that they were
tested for).

The list of items (and their value) that were tested are:

* eggs (1)
* peanuts (2)
* shellfish (4)
* strawberries (8)
* tomatoes (16)
* chocolate (32)
* pollen (64)
* cats (128)

So if Tom is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

Now, given just that score of 34, your program should be able to say:

- Whether Tom is allergic to any one of those allergens listed above.
- All the allergens Tom is allergic to.

Note: a given score may include allergens **not** listed above (i.e.
allergens that score 256, 512, 1024, etc.).  Your program should
ignore those components of the score.  For example, if the allergy
score is 257, your program should only report the eggs (1) allergy.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Jumpstart Lab Warm-up [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/allergies/README.md, after:

# Allergies

Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies.

An allergy test produces a single numeric score which contains the
information about all the allergies the person has (that they were
tested for).

The list of items (and their value) that were tested are:

* eggs (1)
* peanuts (2)
* shellfish (4)
* strawberries (8)
* tomatoes (16)
* chocolate (32)
* pollen (64)
* cats (128)

So if Tom is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

Now, given just that score of 34, your program should be able to say:

- Whether Tom is allergic to any one of those allergens listed above.
- All the allergens Tom is allergic to.

Note: a given score may include allergens **not** listed above (i.e.
allergens that score 256, 512, 1024, etc.).  Your program should
ignore those components of the score.  For example, if the allergy
score is 257, your program should only report the eggs (1) allergy.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name allergies.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Jumpstart Lab Warm-up [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
