exercises/spiral-matrix/README.md, before:

# Spiral Matrix

Given the size, return a square matrix of numbers in spiral order.

The matrix should be filled with natural numbers, starting from 1
in the top-left corner, increasing in an inward, clockwise spiral order,
like these examples:

###### Spiral matrix of size 3

```text
1 2 3
8 9 4
7 6 5
```

###### Spiral matrix of size 4

```text
 1  2  3 4
12 13 14 5
11 16 15 6
10  9  8 7
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Reddit r/dailyprogrammer challenge #320 [Easy] Spiral Ascension. [https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/6i60lr/20170619_challenge_320_easy_spiral_ascension/](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/6i60lr/20170619_challenge_320_easy_spiral_ascension/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/spiral-matrix/README.md, after:

# Spiral Matrix

Given the size, return a square matrix of numbers in spiral order.

The matrix should be filled with natural numbers, starting from 1
in the top-left corner, increasing in an inward, clockwise spiral order,
like these examples:

###### Spiral matrix of size 3

```text
1 2 3
8 9 4
7 6 5
```

###### Spiral matrix of size 4

```text
 1  2  3 4
12 13 14 5
11 16 15 6
10  9  8 7
```

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name spiral_matrix.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Reddit r/dailyprogrammer challenge #320 [Easy] Spiral Ascension. [https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/6i60lr/20170619_challenge_320_easy_spiral_ascension/](https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/6i60lr/20170619_challenge_320_easy_spiral_ascension/)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
