exercises/concept/need-for-speed/.docs/instructions.md, before:

# Instructions

In this exercise you'll be organizing races between various types of remote controlled cars. Each car has its own speed and battery drain characteristics.

Cars start with full (100%) batteries. Each time you drive the car using the remote control, it covers the car's speed in meters and decreases the remaining battery percentage by its battery drain.

If a car's battery is below its battery drain percentage, you can't drive the car anymore.

Each race track has its own distance. Cars are tested by checking if they can finish the track without running out of battery.

## 1. Creating a remote controlled car

Allow creating a remote controller car by defining a function `NewCar` that takes the speed of the car in meters, and the battery drain percentage as its two parameters (both of type `int`) and returns a `Car` instance:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)
// Output: Car{speed: 5, batteryDrain: 2, battery:100}
```

## 2. Creating a race track

Define another struct type called `Track` with the field `distance` of type integer.
Allow creating a race track by defining a function `NewTrack` that takes the track's distance in meters as its sole parameter (which is of type `int`):

```go
distance := 800
raceTrack := NewTrack(distance)
// Output: Track{distance: 800}
```

## 3. Drive the car

Implement the `Drive` function that updates the number of meters driven based on the car's speed, and reduces the battery according to the battery drainage:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)
car = Drive(car)
// Output: Car{speed: 5, batteryDrain: 2, battery: 98, distance: 5}
```

## 4. Check if a remote control car can finish a race

To finish a race, a car has to be able to drive the race's distance. This means not draining its battery before having crossed the finish line. Implement the `CanFinish` function that takes a `Car` and a `Track` instance as its parameter and returns `true` if the car can finish the race; otherwise, return `false`:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)

distance := 100
raceTrack := NewTrack(distance)

CanFinish(car, raceTrack)
// Output: true
```

Commit message:

fix: remove struct and add TODO (#1656)
* fix: remove struct and add TODO

Fixes https://github.com/exercism/go/issues/1590

* docs: update instructions with clearer examples

exercises/concept/need-for-speed/.docs/instructions.md, after:

# Instructions

In this exercise you'll be organizing races between various types of remote controlled cars.
Each car has its own speed and battery drain characteristics.

Cars start with full (100%) batteries. Each time you drive the car using the remote control,
it covers the car's speed in meters and decreases the remaining battery percentage by its battery drain.

If a car's battery is below its battery drain percentage, you can't drive the car anymore.

Each race track has its own distance. Cars are tested by checking if they can finish the track without running out of battery.

## 1. Creating a remote controlled car

Define a `Car` struct with the following `int` type fields:

- battery
- batteryDrain
- speed
- distance

Allow creating a remote controller car by defining a function `NewCar` that takes the speed of the car in meters,
and the battery drain percentage as its two parameters (both of type `int`) and returns a `Car` instance:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)
// Output: Car{speed: 5, batteryDrain: 2, battery:100, distance: 0}
```

## 2. Creating a race track

Define another struct type called `Track` with the field `distance` of type integer.
Allow creating a race track by defining a function `NewTrack` that takes the track's distance in meters as its sole parameter (which is of type `int`):

```go
distance := 800
raceTrack := NewTrack(distance)
// Output: Track{distance: 800}
```

## 3. Drive the car

Implement the `Drive` function that updates the number of meters driven based on the car's speed, and reduces the battery according to the battery drainage:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)
car = Drive(car)
// Output: Car{speed: 5, batteryDrain: 2, battery: 98, distance: 5}
```

## 4. Check if a remote control car can finish a race

To finish a race, a car has to be able to drive the race's distance. This means not draining its battery before having crossed the finish line. Implement the `CanFinish` function that takes a `Car` and a `Track` instance as its parameter and returns `true` if the car can finish the race; otherwise, return `false`:

```go
speed := 5
batteryDrain := 2
car := NewCar(speed, batteryDrain)

distance := 100
raceTrack := NewTrack(distance)

CanFinish(car, raceTrack)
// Output: true
```
