exercises/leap/README.md, before:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```plain
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

If your language provides a method in the standard library that does
this look-up, pretend it doesn't exist and implement it yourself.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Explain test_cases.go in first exercises where it may show
`hamming` points to `leap` for full explanation of generator details.

Resolves #824

exercises/leap/README.md, after:

# Leap

Given a year, report if it is a leap year.

The tricky thing here is that a leap year in the Gregorian calendar occurs:

```plain
on every year that is evenly divisible by 4
  except every year that is evenly divisible by 100
    unless the year is also evenly divisible by 400
```

For example, 1997 is not a leap year, but 1996 is.  1900 is not a leap
year, but 2000 is.

If your language provides a method in the standard library that does
this look-up, pretend it doesn't exist and implement it yourself.

## Notes

Though our exercise adopts some very simple rules, there is more to
learn!

For a delightful, four minute explanation of the whole leap year
phenomenon, go watch [this youtube video][video].

[video]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX96xng7sAE

You will see a `cases_test.go` file in this exercise. This holds the
test cases used in the `leap_test.go`. You can mostly ignore this file.

However, if you are interested... we sometimes generate the test data
from a [cross language repository](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/tree/master/exercises/leap).  
They may have a [.json file](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/blob/master/exercises/leap/canonical-data.json)   
that contains common test data. We have an   
[intermediary Go program](https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/master/exercises/leap/.meta/gen.go) (per exercise)  
that takes the JSON and turns in into Go structs that are fed into the  
`<exercise>_test.go` file. That is where the `cases_test.go` file comes from. Don't worry about it.


## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `-bench`
flag:

    go test -bench .

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/about).

## Source

JavaRanch Cattle Drive, exercise 3 [http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp](http://www.javaranch.com/leap.jsp)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
