exercises/collatz-conjecture/README.md, before:

# Collatz Conjecture

The Collatz Conjecture or 3x+1 problem can be summarized as follows:

Take any positive integer n. If n is even, divide n by 2 to get n / 2. If n is
odd, multiply n by 3 and add 1 to get 3n + 1. Repeat the process indefinitely.
The conjecture states that no matter which number you start with, you will
always reach 1 eventually.

Given a number n, return the number of steps required to reach 1.

## Examples

Starting with n = 12, the steps would be as follows:

0. 12
1. 6
2. 3
3. 10
4. 5
5. 16
6. 8
7. 4
8. 2
9. 1

Resulting in 9 steps. So for input n = 12, the return value would be 9.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

An unsolved problem in mathematics named after mathematician Lothar Collatz [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/collatz-conjecture/README.md, after:

# Collatz Conjecture

The Collatz Conjecture or 3x+1 problem can be summarized as follows:

Take any positive integer n. If n is even, divide n by 2 to get n / 2. If n is
odd, multiply n by 3 and add 1 to get 3n + 1. Repeat the process indefinitely.
The conjecture states that no matter which number you start with, you will
always reach 1 eventually.

Given a number n, return the number of steps required to reach 1.

## Examples

Starting with n = 12, the steps would be as follows:

0. 12
1. 6
2. 3
3. 10
4. 5
5. 16
6. 8
7. 4
8. 2
9. 1

Resulting in 9 steps. So for input n = 12, the return value would be 9.

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name collatz_conjecture.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

An unsolved problem in mathematics named after mathematician Lothar Collatz [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3x_%2B_1_problem)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
