exercises/matrix/README.md, before:

# Matrix

Given a string representing a matrix of numbers, return the rows and columns of
that matrix.

So given a string with embedded newlines like:

```text
9 8 7
5 3 2
6 6 7
```

representing this matrix:

```text
    0  1  2
  |---------
0 | 9  8  7
1 | 5  3  2
2 | 6  6  7
```

your code should be able to spit out:

- A list of the rows, reading each row left-to-right while moving
  top-to-bottom across the rows,
- A list of the columns, reading each column top-to-bottom while moving
  from left-to-right.

The rows for our example matrix:

- 9, 8, 7
- 5, 3, 2
- 6, 6, 7

And its columns:

- 9, 5, 6
- 8, 3, 6
- 7, 2, 7

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Warmup to the `saddle-points` warmup. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

exercises: updates to the README.md files
Update each README.md to give instruction about
coding the solution in the stub file provided.

The README.md files were generated by configlet and
use the change to add a '## Coding the solution' section.

exercises/matrix/README.md, after:

# Matrix

Given a string representing a matrix of numbers, return the rows and columns of
that matrix.

So given a string with embedded newlines like:

```text
9 8 7
5 3 2
6 6 7
```

representing this matrix:

```text
    1  2  3
  |---------
1 | 9  8  7
2 | 5  3  2
3 | 6  6  7
```

your code should be able to spit out:

- A list of the rows, reading each row left-to-right while moving
  top-to-bottom across the rows,
- A list of the columns, reading each column top-to-bottom while moving
  from left-to-right.

The rows for our example matrix:

- 9, 8, 7
- 5, 3, 2
- 6, 6, 7

And its columns:

- 9, 5, 6
- 8, 3, 6
- 7, 2, 7

## Coding the solution

Look for a stub file having the name matrix.go
and place your solution code in that file.

## Running the tests

To run the tests run the command `go test` from within the exercise directory.

If the test suite contains benchmarks, you can run these with the `--bench` and `--benchmem`
flags:

    go test -v --bench . --benchmem

Keep in mind that each reviewer will run benchmarks on a different machine, with
different specs, so the results from these benchmark tests may vary.

## Further information

For more detailed information about the Go track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [Go language page](http://exercism.io/languages/go/resources).

## Source

Warmup to the `saddle-points` warmup. [http://jumpstartlab.com](http://jumpstartlab.com)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
